let me have a look .
what about this one ?
after ive made so much work at the end of the year .
have you ever heard the ads say anything bad about their products ?
yes . i am sure it will .
ok , i will see you again .
whats it like ?
well , i am thinking about redesigning my kitchen .
how about today ?
ok , lets go to the cafeteria .
yes . is this your first time here ?
but how can i prevent a deficit ?
i came here from pcc .
really ? thanks . i would rather go to the same one next to the match .
where were you , sir ?
no , its an english major .
thats all right.we ll get used to it.besides , it is quiet up there.we re little further away from the
yes , i think so . the rainy season are over there .
well , i would like to order breakfast for tomorrow coming .
yes .
where will you be going ?
well , ill cancel your appointments for today . and ill tell mr . morley .
yes , that was surprising . they didnt tell me the date . they want me to get them .
yes , we need a house with a bunch of friends .
i am afraid not . to be honest , nobody . could you tell us the problems and more people
it might be . youd better take a heavy sweater with you.the nights are usually quite cold at this time
i mean , what s up with the locks and iron bars on your windows .
why ?
thats not the right . i am too far from you .
they usually go to the department to see the doctor . they have all the questions of your department .
what kind of books does she like ?
oh , i see .
thats right . i can already see how that looks so cool
yes , please come here next time .
oh , my god . if this flight is late . i will for sydney.what can i do now ?
i know . it took me three weeks , and i work here .
i also feel that learning how to motivate the people from such a good sense of humor .
yes , i know . the boarding time on the ticket says num , and now its num . you
oh , i am sorry to hear that . take it easy . it will be ok soon . you
ok . i will .
well , i think that the apartment is much more convenient than simply .
well , you are in luck .
yes , weve got a great time .
oh . im sorry i have to go now . i wont be disappointed .
well , he doesnt look very honest .
do you know if theres a restroom around the corner ?
well , i am sorry you have no .
are they going to frisk all the passengers ?
thank you .
i know what you mean . i could use a vacation myself .
i know . goodnight .
i want to be a vet .
what do you do there ?
i love this music very much .
im sorry , sir . what is your baggage ?
which one is the brake ?
and she is thin , isn t she ?
please call me at my word . he is my treat .
so it is . and it is like a shop near the city . we also sell to our new
oh , i am sorry to hear that . take it easy . it will be ok soon . you
are you sure that i can get there in time if we take the less heavy route ?
oh , i see . you like the chinese style , dont you ?
oh , i see . would you like me to reschedule you for another time ?
yes , i need a belt for this pan .
yes , but do you have another one ?
will i have the fresh air first ?
well , i think that i just check more than num these days . the items i can find is
well , i cant find the way to the entrance . would you tell me where the entrance is ?
thats right . i got the assignment on the last num .
you know what ? i ll tell you once .
what style is it ?
but i exercise at the club . and i use the stepping machine.so i need good running shoes .
really ? is that why you wanted to come to the play ?
i m in the market for a job i went up with my boss and i didnt even if i
i hope so .
ok , thank you , you can go now . ill be very happy to get your food .
all right . i know a great restaurant near here.but , its a little high and a little bit .
your order will be ready in a few seconds with the front .
im not sure .
do you live with us ?
what kind of house is it ?
oh , i m sorry . i didn t know .
well , im afraid i dont . i cant .
much better than the last one , huh ?
sure .
thanks .
yes .
well , i think im going to fail my chemistry exam .
ok , i will .
that s good to hear .
i m sorry . i didn t know that .
ok . ill wait here for you .
good .
no , you cant be serious .
oh , you have to take the shuttle to grand central park .
when did you go to school ?
all right .
are you going to have a drink ?
actually , there is a problem .
what is the matter ?
you know , i often have to work till late at night . i need something to keep me awake
where is our camera ? lets see if we can catch this on film
im not sure .
oh , that s very nice of you .
i am very sorry to hear that .
here is a shop .
i have been yearning for a long time .
oh , i see . if we cant get the contract ready by then , well send it to you
it s unfair .
yes , ive got that part covered .
well , we have classes and some medications that might help . i ll give you more information before you
it is really a good feeling to see you .
okay .
i will call you later . bye .
that s right .
ive never tried eshopping . is it better than shopping at an actual store ?
that s my job , sir . i m just in beijing .
how would you say that ?
oh , you must be very happy .
why ?
i m going there tomorrow .
yes , we have a seat available on the flight num .
well . this is my first time here . how do you want it ?
ok . i ll pick you up at ... say , num seven ?
all right . that nealy will be a big help .
what are you going to do ?
oh , thats too bad .
yeah , i think so .
well , i am . i was born in shanghai and went to school to study chinese .
you have to pay a small fee for every time .
i think the one fits me well . besides , i would like to go to the movies .
how do you like this waltz ?
yes . here you are .
what do you mean by us ?
oh , i think i know where it is .
thats great .
you are very lucky .
ok , you could borrow the vegetables and your food from the dry .
i can put you down for ten oclock .
do you have anything to declare ?
about num percent .
you don t have to starve yourself to lose weight . i think that s where you re going wrong
are you serious ? you havent seen our exhibits here , but i didn t even notice off that .
well , you could take some leave from the hotel . but , you can just imagine the num choice
ok . how about some spring rolls and squid balls , some pork skins , and some beer
i m sure they will .
i am interested in the position .
if you had talked to me first , we would have given you a raise .
i m going to put it here , as long as i can
great i ll be glad to help .
i know that is so fantastic , but i dont know the proper name .
well , the same as ever , the first year of our marriage , we had no deal with it
how old is he ?
oh , look theres a spot open next to the public restroom can i take it ?
no , i assure you .
i told you i should come over to your friends . i m going to cut the cake soon .
i dont know . since yesterday morning , the water pressure has dropped to a little more than a drip
it s my pleasure . can you get me some more , please ?
are you new here ? i come to this coffeehouse often . but i didnt keep them with in the
it sounds reasonable . the clause should be good .
you know , i think the job interview is better , and i think i could be more comfortable in
how ay years have you been working with him ?
you must have a wonderful time .
no , not really , because i have never seen such a scene before .
could you tell me something about it ?
sure . we should probably preheat the oven right away , too .
yes , sir .
i think i wont .
oh , really ? i have to go back to england . it is num . a girl who is
oh , no .
ok . lets do it together .
what do you find frustrating in a new way ?
how does that compare these days ?
how can we get there ?
well , i admit i should be more careful next time . now does that a lot of money ?
i am afraid i cant attend the press conference due to an urgent conference with the board of directors at
i still have no time for lunch .
where is it ?
why ?
i can ask for an interview on the board about that . they are worried about losing my money for
yes , i think so . the security door is so firm that nobody can break in .
well , we have chocolate mousse cake , homemade fresh strawberry shortcake , and a spicy rum apple crisp for
youd better go to the way to pick up the new alarm .
im afraid i cant .
where are you going to live after youre married ?
i dont know . i never went to one by myself .
there is a huge slide on the playground and lots of trees and even a little brook
what if i buy around ticket ?
you see , thats the best i can do for your leave , miss .
what do you think of it ?
that sounds like a good idea .
ok , lets go to the other day .
would you like me to leave the samples with you ?
ok .
yes , but i think they will do it for me .
could you give me some medicine ?
yes , they are different on it . maybe you just want to sign a contract with all of us
thats the best season for a picnic .
these are most popular with the fact that they are not interested in .
it is a bit expensive , but i will take you there .
yes . but you will have no time .
sure . we have a good aftersale service . your satisfaction is guaranteed .
you can not predict who will be interested in it .
i dont know what to do .
yes , but i doubt if i get it . ive never get it .
they are going to be very late .
the number is num .
thanks .
i think so . i am really tired behind the stomach .
yeah , i think so .
get me some of the latest fashion .
you can take me to the bank if you want to .
ok , well , i want to change my travelers cheque .
but you know how expensive it is to keep a car in good condition .
yes . ive been here for num months , so i wont need to see a whole week .
how about going to the theatre ?
no , but i m planning on visiting australia and new zealand soon . i ve heard that they are
that sounds like an interesting film . lets meet at five oclock on saturday and sunday .
well , i hope theyre paying you the big bucks for all this work ...
they are very uncomfortable . your name is liu wei .
yes .
thank you . and what s your wife ?
thats so much of hassle . we just dont want a smaller car , is it ?
do you mind if i take some notes while we drive ?
i know , but i was just thinking of buying a new car .
there is a beautiful state park here . i can see why so many people come out here to camp
oh , yes . i think ill look at those over there before i decide .
oh , i see .
im phoning about the job that was in the paper last night .
well , actually , i was hoping that you took a long flight to shanghai on business . actually ,
then you must be really interested in that .
well , the real hackers mostly think crackers are lazy , irresponsible and not very bright , and feel that
oh , no . i would never look for another job while working here . i think this is a
there are lots of things , such as postcards , key chains , posters and various arts and crafts .
no , not yet . id like to buy a teapot .
yes , i think so . there is also an interesting one . its opposite the park .
i think so , too .
i ve got a fever and really a bad headache .
really ? thats something unexpected you think .
so , how about run at the train station ?
id like to , but ive got to write a term paper . it will be due by this thursday
i am sorry , we will connect with the room service.please warta moment .
i m afraid not , nick . that s the best i can do .
what are you doing for it ?
well , i dont have any other questions . how about this , please ?
ok , who should i take care ?
that sounds good .
well , i really envy you .
why dont we start unpacking these boxes ?
do you have a copy of your family tree in your house ? i d love to see it .
hello , this is the property manager . how may i help you ?
all right . i hope ill be able to enjoy my stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have
i will .
yes , i do .
ill get that some for you .
that s it . my wife found that i just work here . i was busy with my work ,
i like basketball . i really enjoy watching the nba games on the sports .
yes , i will introduce myself to my room .
let s go check out the kitchen . the printout says that it is quite large .
well , i think the waist is a little tight and the sleeves are too long .
do you know that soda means absolutely ?
i promise you that i will make the new call this weekend .
how about the monitor and the bank ?
what are you going to do now ?
yes , i think so .
no , the only thing ive ever done behind your back is zipping you up .
so what ?
thanks a lot .
alright . but why is downloading music better than buying cds at the store ?
well , anthony , this is not going to be an easy conversation.the company has made some decisions which will
i don t understand .
yes . when you have decided exactly what you want and have a purchase price we can begin to process
can you tell me how to improve myself ?
yes , you can take small sum of money and important items such as passport and keys and business documents
there are a lot of options . you can surprise her over dinner , or ask her in a public
not a lot . what did you have in mind ?
well , i have to go now . i dont want to be late .
i will get the ice , please .
i would say i would like to go but i have to finish my lunch back .
may i know what you want to do ?
my native place is nanjing , too .
its a very friendly game , and you know im a good team player .
it would be hard for me .
yes , there is . those organizations exist . you always can call a lawyer if you need legal help
they make it on the right side .
i can see that . but what is your store policy ?
thank you .
really ? thats great
ive never had a mango .
thank you very much . this should only take a few minutes to get to the pipe . can you
is it your fathers birthday ?
yeah , it s a lot better than mine .
our trip is good .
well , i am certainly you can have a good time . can you tell me the reason ?
but i work hard all the time for long hours . often i have no time for lunch . yet
yes .
i will make full use of the chance and get myself ready for the challenges all the time .
what s the service ?
certainly , i will .
are you serious ?
good . let me get a hamburger and a room .
i m sorry , bob . if you had told me you were coming up , i would have kept
well , the best i can do is to lower the price by num percent if you are willing to
fine , mr . smith . i d like to order the sweater you will take the red wine ,
what do you mean ?
well , we have some nice sugar .
what about my resume ?
i am sure we can do that .
dont you think it s a bit bright ?
oh , its a reserved opera named the monkey creates havoc in heaven .
yes , i did . i have them here .
i think youre right . aright . got ta go to class . thanks for the cigarette . ill talk
right , i ve just started with my new ones .
do you have a chinese edition of this ?
i can tell you what kind i like .
on the contrary , i took very many best .
what your parents are
then , ill have this pork cute instead .
oh , where is that ?
alright .
i think the four should be enough .
ive never been , but im afraid i havent had one before .
were getting along with my colleagues and everything we could do that when we expect the back to work .
i see .
i am sorry , i havent decided yet.do you mind giving me a couple of minutes ?
oh , i see .
yeah , i think so .
what did he say ?
i dont like shopping in malls . i like shopping on the street . there is more variety .
i m sorry but , what the sale is on the shelf says .
ok , well , let s see . do you want a sign ?
are you sure that this has nothing to do with sleep ?
dont you want to put out anything in the area ?
can you see the notes there ?
yeah , each other two weeks ago .
ok , i see .
sure .
no , im not asking for money , im asking for your advice .
no , not at all .
yes , sir .
what do you mean ?
well , in that case , the schools in this area are very good .
lets sit over there .
did you see the interview with andy lau in cosmopolitan magazine last month ?
yes , you are right .
what s the rush ?
yes , id like to see the receipt . oh i see you bought the watch last week .
i dont even know what to study .
i guess so .
yes , the service will be good .
im going to need it installed earlier than num .
ok . i have several seats available . would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ?
we re playing the piano
but that s not the right moment i ll just check what i can do .
im a student .
and i suppose sitting at the desk all day at the office doesnt help .
of course , here you are . and you can ask me any question .
would you please tell me what places are worth visiting ?
oh , it is not very expensive .
whats the matter ?
that would be great .
ok , please go ahead .
yes , please .
well , ill see . actually . the movie is coming down . i am not too busy .
my wife is very well . he seems to have everything confidence in our house .
im going to be a clerk .
what happened ?
if i were you , i would change the beginning . you should write about your education first because we
how about you ?
why ?
if i think of famous could provide you , such as a great restaurant
i am not sure what to do about it .
i would love to join you on a hike . could i maybe maybe there ?
well , we have some handmade products . let me show you some .
sure . im here to ask my girlfriend .
good . that s good . did you find something that you would like to come next time ?
right , we are full of the design and follow all the staff .
you know , i think you re awesome .
you have a lot to learn english , but i dont know how to write them .
you can ask me questions , if you d like .
well , you should talk with your son and let him make his own decision .
yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .
i think we should go out more frequently .
yes , i think so too .