a smiling woman with a black smear across her face holds an umbrella.
a woman walks through a bad neighborhood.
a passenger jet lands on a black runway.
a woman weaves cloth.
a man with a yellow hat on is leaning on a wall of some sort.
two little blond girls twirl their hair.
a man of asian descent wearing red is leaning over another man of asian descent wearing blue who has fallen on the grass in the park on a sunny day.
the two dogs are looking at each other.
there are two guys partying.
the photographer is shooting the models on a ledge
a woman lays down on a wooden dock in the middle of a body of water
a dog slides by a parent and child and another dog.
an adult and a child walking past a tree in front of a vandalized building.
a boy leaning on a stick is holding the wrist of a smaller boy.
a mother and her child are outdoors.
the people are opening presents.
the girls are looking toward the water.
a small boy walks down a wooden path in the woods.
a person in a green jacket it surfing while holding on to a line.
a person is riding a bike while juggling puppies.
a male has 2 other humans looking at his arm.
a little girl in a green outfit wringing out an orange rag.
the man is taking a nap
a person is doing yoga
a man is standing in the woods with his family.
a woman in a green top is going somewhere.
the boy was on a barney mobile
group of people in historical costumes taking a break, seated and standing around a table.
a dad is teaching his daughter how to play pool at a community center.
the vehicle is being ridden by a young person with light hair.
a man jumps in the air above some large rocks.
a man is carrying his son and his toys on the bicycle.
a couple is walking in a building.
a man is leading a three piece band
a man picks out greens at the market.
a girl carries cotton home.
seller seller vegetables
three people are sitting next to a building.
men in shorts are shoveling snow.
a girl is raising her hand.
a group of men swim in a pool.
a woman standing in a group of people in an office like setting.
a man sells stuffed animals to people at his booth.
the race is going on to support charity.
the sea water is cold
a woman in a focus group is caught starring off into space.
men on a street.
girls are playing jump-rope.
the labrador retriever watches his owner sailing.
a woman kneels in the dirt with paleontologist archeologist tools.
an old coach has his team run to him.
a young boy is with his family at a pumpkin patch.
a child is sleeping in her bed.
the dogs have just met, and are getting to know each other and play on the beach.
the woman is sitting on a bench with a cellphone.
people are watching two people joust.
a little boy in orange shorts and flip-flops plays soccer on a basketball court.
a woman is waiting for a her friend.
they are sitting on a bench.
 an upset young boy is sitting on a skateboard holding a new smartphone.
nurse wearing blue scrubs, posing for a picture with patients.
a dalmation chews on a small branch of a tree.
a man standing near other men is waiting in line.
a group of children are having a picnic at a park table.
a woman walking her cat.
two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
there is a man standing by a cart and dog.
they are having fun
a man snowboards down a snow-covered hill.
kids are playing in a tub full of ice cold water outside in the summer.
the boy is swinging a rope at the girl.
the young waiter pours a beer.
band playing at what seems to be a living room.
a woman is holding a boys hand.
a woman searching for a man.
a couple people walking past a their store.
multiple people are waiting outside of a restaurant.
the man in the cowboy hat looks at the motorcycle curiously.
a soccer player who has just attempted a goal kick is burying his face in the field in frustration as the ball sits by the goal post and the goal keeper looks out towards the crowd and the rest of the field.
two men are mowing the grass.
three woman together
men stand in formation
a skateboarding competition in progress.
a man smiles as he looks down at an orange sports car that's parked at a curb.
a person in a skirt strolls past a man wearing a business suit.
a couple people sit and wait for the bus on an empty road.
a tall person posing
two men are building a straw roof.
a man sitting on a bench with his bike next to him.
the advertisement is not very large.
a lady is holding a toddler.
two children are laughing.
a boy is throwing a frisbee.
two dogs are standing by the lake.
the bikers are racing down the path.
a white girl with long hair is dressed in warm clothes.
three people are jumping very high and yelling by the woods.
the black man is on wall street.
a child is playing with a  toy.
two look-alike dogs running in the green grass.
an older lady is walking.
an asian man squats on a paved walkway and sorts a pile of vegetables.
a group of people wearing coats and sweaters are shopping at produce and deli stands; one stand has a purple sign that says "tripe".
they are english.
three canadians are at the table.
there are multiple motorcycles.
two kids sleeping on a futon
and old woman holds a green plant outside of a rustic building.
a man holding a cigarette is kissing a woman at a bar while people are sitting behind them.
a man with a backpack sits and reads a book to a young child in a library as other parents and children look at books in the background.
men are fixing a house damaged by the storm.
a man dressed in black is preparing to play music on his tuba.
a toddler plays with the remote control for the tv.
a toddler is playing in shallow water with rocks in the background.
a little boy in black pants is playing with a white balloon.
a guy is talking about politics with the man sitting on the bench.
a person wearing beige snow clothes is flying in the air on a snowboard.
the man is holding the computer.
a football player wears a uniform.
the tortoise is being fed an strawberry.
two girls are awake from one to many red bull drinks.
the woman has a bag filled with fruit from the market.
the man is the gardener
a group of costumed adults, including a devil and a sorcerer, look on as a man dressed as a sea captain speaks into a microphone while standing next to a man in a brown suit who is holding a large fruit basket.
a man rides his bicycle to work.
a musician in the streets is wearing a pair of shorts and styling a mohawk.
two women show off kimonos as they walk down the street
a sad little boy sitting at a table was crying at the table
a man is browsing for goods.
school children walk single file under adult supervision.
a girl in jeans and a shirt.
a person is dressed up
a dog jumped in the air.
a young asian woman is washing her clothes in the muddy river.
two young boys go swimming in the pool.
a woman with a white head cover rides a bike on the sidewalk in a city.
the zombie has a cart.
mother and daughter eating macroni at the kitchen table.
a guy in a black shirt is rocking on a set of drums.
an amish couple.
two boys are performing their fencing skills.
a white man is eating alone inside a restaurant.
a single hiker with an orange backpack walks on a trail through a mountainous landscape.
someone at the beach paid to have the heart written by a plane for his girlfriend.
there are people who are congregating a train station.
a man holding two bags of soil enters a car.
men are standing next to some items.
a boy hits a ball.
a woman is walking under planes.
three children play outside with bubbles.
the girl cries as she rides the rides
two girls are kissing.
she slides down the pole
the boys is throwing rocks at his sister
the young children go shopping.
the 3 dogs are sharing a big bowl of food.
a donkey is pulling the cart down the road.
a woman plays her violin outside.
a girl is standing next to a microphone and playing the trombone.
a group of people are watching acrobatic performers on a beach.
the playground only has a sandbox.
the women are in a market in morocco.
a man performing a concert
two dancers have tossed battons.
a man is standing on a mountain
a woman strolls across a bridge outside
the dog walking over the water is white.
we know how to look for our veggies.
a man is playing blackjack
the young boy is being held by the young girl.
men sitting down in a circle.
people watch a group of runners on the street.
weird al is conservative.
iceland is in the tropics.
two people see kids on the bus.
a man and woman are are outside lying down.
a girl plays soccer.
the people are in their backyard.
team members from the winning team head over to talk to their coach.
the black man is singing.
three women dressed in suits stand near a wall.
a bullrider practices riding in corral
the dog runs along the beach.
a few friends chilled on the ground in their camping tent.
a skier goes down the mountain.
the earth, water, and sky have made this a terrible spot
there is a group of people walking up a staircase.
two men with guitars and one with a microphone stand on a stage in front of a small group of people.
in a crowd at a stadium, one man is standing up by himself
a man is sitting on the horse.
a man with glasses is having a conversation.
these two cars are taking a turn during a rally car race.
a woman reads to her ailing father in the nursing home.
the child is playing basketball outside.
a person with a blue coat and white furry hat is sitting by a building, holding a dog in her blue and black mittens
three dogs can't help but jump into the air.
four men carving in wood.
a little girl in a dancing class.
a man is skiing down the bunny hill.
children are getting into a vehicle.
african people are standing outside.
the two hikers are watching tv
the lady is riding a donkey.
two men wearing vests.
some people standing on a street corner talking.
the boy with the bright blue eyes just saw a good movie.
the happy child runs towards his father.
the two men are watching tv
there are two hores
woman feeds babies
a man sits with a beer in a restaurant.
a man in a wedding party is playing with a hula hoop.
a woman ironing a blue cloth
the people are security guards.
a girl taking a picture of a baby.
a man restrings his guitar.
girlscouts are selling cookies.
people set fire to a forest with lanterns in the year 4300
the skateboarder sometimes falls when he tries to do tricks.
a man complaining about his internet speeds.
a man shouting at a bear.
three men working concessions in front of a restaurant.
the little girl is playing.
three boys are playing in the fountain
a young boy in batman pajamas is playing with toys on a hardwood floor.
a boy walks near buildings.
the man is bench pressing weights at the gym.
the woman dive.
people are singing in front of the elderly in a retirement home.
a couple is getting anniversary pictures taken.
the girls are selling socks outside of a market.
a couple take a hike near the edge of a large canyon.
two guys playing music with a band
a woman sitting on the floor and knitting.
there are two boats river rafting away.
people looking at pictures on a display.
a group of boys plays soccer.
strangers are playing golf.
a girl learning at a classroom.
three men, one in a white shirt, one in a green shirt and one in a tan jacket are walking down the street, the man with the tan jacket and the man with the green shirt are carrying supplies.
a child is playing on a swing set.
a person is eating pizza.
the dogs run and play on the field.
a man in costume plays the keyboard in front of a sign reading "sin with sebastian".
a man holds straw goods to sell
while standing near a post a man stretched his shirt over his head
the man really likes the celtics.
the woman knows the boy.
a cowboy being kicked off of a horse at a rodeo.
a man and woman are sitting down and holding hands.
the women is from asia
person playing a game.
yellow dough is rolled out with a rolling pin.
a man catching some much needed rest while riding some public transportation.
a kid sitting on a swing set.
a man with an antique camera uses his iphone.
a teen shows off some new tricks over a set of stairs.
a large green and blue fish leaps from the water.
a cyclist is performing a jumping stunt in a skate and cycle park.
two men are deep in discussion next to a produce stand.
a man playing violin outside so he can gather offerings to send his son to college.
men two exchange a large metal ring as they pass each other, riding railroad cars in opposite directions.
the person is very athletic.
people are gathered for a photograph at a wedding.
a group of ladies run a long distance
two girls are singing to each other.
a guy in green is rollerskating on a narrow strip.
a boy watches a construction worker curiously as he repairs his porch.
three men are dancing.
the man is standing in a shopping mall.
a man reaches for a movie he wants to rent.
male friends hang out at their favorite restaurant.
the coat is warm.
two girls sit together in silence.
a dog in the forest
a person wearing a red helmet and yellow and white clothing is riding a bike outside in a wooded area.
the man is playing fetch with three dogs.
a group of teens hang out
a brown-haired girl is shading herself with an umbrella.
people at a market buying and selling produce.
a woman and a man climbing to a tree house.
an old woman in a pink dress is holding a hose.
the workbench is shorter than the child.
fast people playing
the two kids are on vacation.
a female has an animal in her arms.
a group of children are standing outside a building.
bearded man sitting on a bench next to a boat.
two men have bags.
two asian women in high heels walk down a dirt street outdoors.
there is only one computer with 3 people sitting at a round table.
a dog jumping in the country.
a girl jumping from one rock to another in a creek.
a man is typing on a keyboard in a lab.
a child in a red shirt is sitting on his father's shoulders.
a person is baking a cake in a kitchen.
a woman walks with her crying baby among children wearing face paint at a carnival
a group of people all smiling.
a young man with a blue jacket sits on his skateboard.
the football player is trying to get away.
men are working on the foundation of a building.
snowmobiler riding in the air.
five people are playing a board game.
two dogs running over packed dirt and rocks
a man wearing jeans and sandals drawing in a wall.
a st. patricks day parade in brooklyn.
a girl is having a music performance outdoors
an asian man sleeps in a chair outdoors.
a dog has a saddle on and is outside running around.
two canines are in the forest.
a guy with a green beanie on his head is standing with his eyes closed besides a display board on the wall.
a little boy is holding a hot air balloon.
a black dog jumps through the water.
there are trees next to the market.
a man is making a delivery in a truck.
there is a man on a surfboard.
two different species of animals.
the man's camera weighs 100lbs.
a man sings in front of a microphone.
a person is hurrying to get somewhere.
a dog pounces on a toy.
the people are rich.
women at a bar watching hockey match.
the man is dressed formally.
a runner is in front of a crowd.
the red team will cause a riot.
a long alleyway, there is a black man with hands behind his back, walking away from the camera.
the snow is thick.
a man has gloves on.
the woman is sketching an animal.
two people have a dance battle in walmart.
the man is alone in a room.
the fountain is beautiful
some men are standing around.
the man is carrying a trash bag.
two children are at a sink and pouring water into a bowl.
a young woman covers her eyes because the sun is so bright on the mountaintop.
there is a man sitting at a desk surrounded by technology, and working on his laptop.
a man is walking through new york.
girls are showing off pictures of their dogs.
the mother is posing with her baby
a crowd of people seen from above, several are holding cameras.
a fog is descending from the mountains.
the young boy is going to bust the pinata open.
a dancer is performing a dance move.
the people in sunglasses are chatting and having a smoke.
the people are waiting to pose infront of a camel statue.
boys and girls standing barefoot in a line.
a man tries to seel yoyos to his onlookers
boy looks backwards to the camera while riding in a swing at an amusement park.
a woman wearing yellow pants is kneeling next to an infant wearing a blue outfit.
men are playing a game of beach soccer.
girl cooking dinner.
three sailboats are sailing through the water.
only one dog is running.
a baby without shoes is outside.
the child is in a yellow bag.
a boy trying to reach the top
a woman in black is explaining a diagram.
a young girl, wearing a purple jacket, is holding a bucket and a mop.
there are two dogs playing fetch.
the boys are wearing a school uniform.
a dressed woman standing at a podium debating.
construction workers wearing orange suits and helmets work on a multi leveled project
a man walking around in a red robe and an axe in hand outside.
a dog is playing with a stick
the girl is an expert hooper.
children playing with a remote controlled car in a road.
a woman is holding a baby in one arm and a handbag on her shoulder.
a man is busy at work examining photographs.
a man in a blue shirt ballroom-dancing with a woman in a white dress.
two young boys practice kick-boxing.
girls are singing and playing guitar
three women play tennis in a field.
a tall man is holding up the white shirt he is wearing exposing is abdomen while sitting on a red motorbike.
the group of people all watch as a storm moves in.
a security officer watches the tv
a black dog is chasing a beat up ball in the snow
a black dog is in an action stance.
a man and his wife and son are sitting in a meadow watching the sun set.
two men are competing with each other in a video game.
a young girl is working on progress in her karate school.
a person in a coat is leaving a photo shop.
the little girl has a stick in her hand.
a young kid is riding a dirt bike.
a circus performer is performing the climax of the show.
an adult happily putting goggles on a girl.
people are eating chocolate cake
a man shows directions to a museum on a tablet to a woman nearby.
professional football players practice.
an old man shaves ice for a small group of children.
several men on the deck of a ship are lowering another man into the water.
two moutain climbers are inside.
a woman carries a small backpack with purple lettering.
a group of people carrying english flag are out on the streets in birmingham.
the man in a brown shirt is juggling in front of a crowd of people.
a man in green pants walking down the road.
people looking through binoculars.
a young boy is walking in a grassy field.
a blond woman is talking to another woman.
a woman in a blue swimsuit holding a sign on a busy street
four people are camping
a man with red hair is shaving.
three workers are walking out of their burning building during a fire.
a band is playing jazz music.
a child wearing black and white swim gear kneeling in shallow water over a plastic yellow boat filled with wet sand.
a girl holding a bucket splashes in the ocean.
a man in jeans, a t-shirt, and a baseball cap is lying down on a wooden floor.
a person is calling someone else.
a man stands with two large dogs seated in front of him.
the building is a hospital.
several people are playing music.
a married couple is on a date.
the child is running to the bus.
two pieces of wood are on fire.
the lady is driving a car.
mother lifting her child onto a spin roll toy.
the shorts are blue
two asian girls in frocks share a picnic outdoors.
a kid stands near some buckets.
a dog jumps a fence.
a supervisor takes a break at the bamboo farm.
someone is a red helmet parked with their bike.
the stop sign is in front of the building.
a dog is flying through the air on a snowboard as the wind picks up some snow.
there are no bicyclists
man in a yellow shirt and woman in a white shirt stand next to burger cart
two rival trams have a final rugby showdown at a park
a man and woman kiss on a train.
a person is carried by other people.
there are white boats
a woman talks on a cellphone on an asian market street.
a woman is listing a baby girl into the lap of a bear.
the skier is in a race.
a man is using a welding torch.
a man doing what he loves to do best.
the girls are ignoring eachother.
a man in blue pants sitting and watching the television.
the photographer is taking a picture of his kids at play.
men of asian descent walking around with bags.
a man is taking the trolley to work
a young girl is holding something.
the man is standing in the kitchen.
a musician sings on stage.
a waiter serving cake to some people.
a young man is jumping his skateboard.
two hippie men are wearing metal helmets.
the people in red are playing football.
multiple teenagers outdoors racing against each other while sitting on bouncing balls.
the laborers are fixing the chimney.
three athletes in red and white uniforms and helmets.
we cannot see the face of the girl with the white t-shirt and blue jeans.
they are in costume
the girl jumps into lava.
nobody is crying
a girl splashes water into a truck.
a man chases a boy down an elevated hallway.
the child is drinking milk from her sippy cup while swinging
a woman sells newspapers.
a transvestite is a circus act.
the man and his daughter are standing on turf.
a person sleeping next to his instruments.
two people talk while standing by their bikes.
a man shoots his gun in a competition.
women sitting at a bar.
a black and white dog running in front of a brown dog in the grass.
three children are napping.
the german sheppard dog was playing with a red ball.
a person skateboarding
a person asking someone a question.
the refrigerators are in the room.
two men eating in cafetaria
a woman, wearing glasses and a black shirt, is soldering a small black piece with a green top.
a man in a red sweater reading the newspaper.
a woman looks at the stars with a telescope.
a man with a green jacket and a black hat standing near a doorway.
a woman pauses to drink water during a winter ride through the city.
the man is playing with the dog
the surfer catches the wave perfectly
workers wear aprons
a man putting chapstick on a woman on a boat.
a dog is racing around a corner.
a man is doing a jump on the surfboard near other people in the water.
a cyclist with racing gear going down a road.
two people are on horses.
a shirtless man is making a heart sign.
a girl is stealing the shoes from people on the bench.
a woman sits on a chair in a field for a photoshoot.
women pointing at a geyser.
a man riding a white horse in a rodeo.
a girl with her arm around a boy covering his face.
the girls with a pierced lip and cap is standing next to a man with a beard and a black cap.
a team of synchronized swimmers compete in a tournament.
retirement community takes shopping trip to kohls.
a person is lying down in front of a bunch of trees.
a child with coiled hair in a bathing suit excitedly lets the water from the ocean waves touch her toes.
the ball is being thrown towards the catcher.
these two people are in baseball uniforms, making a play at base.
two girls relax on a weekend at home
the pamphlet is upside down.
a woman wearing a red dress is playing a string instrument.
there is a kid near a swimming pool.
a little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.
man and boy wearing life jacket in water posing for a picture
a rodeo clown distracts a bull away from a bull rider.
people sliding down a water slide.
the men are dancing vigorously on a steamroller.
a musician plays the guitar on the sidewalk in a big city.
workers are picking squash.
a bartender prepares many blended drinks.
the man is wearing a green polo shirt
a young boy climbs a rock wall
a happy group of people.
a woman is sliding down a pole on the street with a crowd roped off behind her watching.
a small band dressed as peasants performs in the street.
they boy is sleeping.
many cars parked on a mountain.
a man takes a drink.
the woman is at a scenic overlook.
a man is sleeping on the floor on the laundry.
the males are together.
men holding a fishing net.
there are workers wearing hard hats.
a person in a safety vest pushing a truck.
a group of cyclist begin their race across a bridge.
two celebrities try to avoid the press.
a fence is being painted red.
the men are on mars.
the shirtless man is going for a swim at the pool.
two women talk as they walk down the street.
a green car parked near a crowded space.
a person helps a woman stand back up.
some people are walking down a path in the park.
two individuals are in the foreground.
a boy skateboards on a wooden bench.
a boy is running from a deranged clown in a department store.
a white car is parked next to some houses in a third world country.
a man in a red card is surrounded by lawn chairs
a woman smiling at a man on the street.
two uniformed men having a conversation outside of a factory.
the dog is with it's owner.
this man is at the casino
the girls are competing for a trophy.
a man is jumping in the air
a dog is running in grass.
the dog owner is on the course, also.
a man in red swim trunks is in midair above the people in the water below.
animals outside playing tug of war.
a girl jumping
men sit around a table at a speech.
the man is very confused, just look at his outfit.
an old woman stealing a motorcycle.
an actress walking around the set.
the runners are stretching.
a male looking through the window of his bugatti.
people walk around the shopping district.
people jogging down the street.
the employee is chinese.
a monkey is jumping towards another monkey on a smooth rock.
a couple is watching the water.
a boy jumping in a moonwalk.
a boat worker drives a boat down the street to the restaurant.
a man in a group of people is taking a photo.
the woman is staring at the man in lust.
people enjoy shopping fresh produce at a farmers market.
a man is sitting on a bench waiting for a bus.
a young man is chugging a beer
a person sits and works at a handicraft.
a man watching another man do a kissing pose
the girls are learning
two women and a man are wearing medieval blue and gold robes and red hats dressing in costume.
three butterfly swimmers in a pool, coming towards the viewer.
a man in a coat is looking through the eyepiece of a microscope.
a man and his dog playing
two men with a hand on each other's back and one man is looking up.
two teams are shooting marbles.
an older african-american male is playing an electric guitar in the public street.
a man joggin outdors
a white cat jumps over a stick
the woman is an athlete
a group of people touring a desert on camels.
the boy is eating chinese soup.
a young woman hides a beanie baby inside her hood.
a man stands in snow
a man working on a small model airplane.
oriental people working outside.
several people are at a produce stand.
the cyclists were fierce rivals as they raced to the finish line.
a girl does a leap in her dance on the street.
a girl wears a knit sweater.
a white dog and a brown dog play in the grass.
three street musicians are playing jazz in front of a store.
three college-aged students eat a meal.
the young boy is crying because he just got up from falling off his skateboard.
a single person practices inside a classroom.
a lady prepares to hit a tennis ball.
the people are sitting on the couch inside.
a man and a couple of ladies are walking.
two nuns stand on a street after laving a bar.
the people are asian.
a man is thinking about his next camera shot for his film.
there are two men in this picture, and they are both outside working.
a man planting some flowers around a pole outside.
workers create an object out of metal and wood.
someone is making yarn with an old wheel.
the big machine is not in the garage.
the snowboarder is smiling while tricker over the beatle car.
a little girl with her head down.
adults and children frolic on the shoreline of a beach.
two men in shorts a midst a crowd of people outside.
the boy in the blue shirt is riding a bike on a track.
the owner of store sits out front while the clerk of the store cleans
a woman is teaching a yoga course.
a family has thanksgiving dinner.
one man uses a microsope while indoors.
a group of people are standing outside.
an old lady knits in a rocking chair.
a woman is at a track and field competition.
people are setting up a tent
a woman is waling inside of the builiding
a group of people are carrying flags.
a man dancing with two woman in lingerie.
the girl in the white dress is going down the blue slide and laughing.
the man is outside hunting.
the man is taking his laundry to the laundry mat.
the children ride horses
the woman is selling cigarettes.
a man wearing dark sunglasses is jumping his bike over a road, in a forest.
the two animals are dogs.
a girl is playing outside
a woman is taking the subway to go on a shopping trip.
the dog is on a walk with an old lady while its snowing.
a small boy in red is jumping.
three male friends in shorts stand together having a conversation.
a little girl is helped up by her mother inside of a bar.
a view of a beach littered with debris from broken chairs.
there are boats in the water.
a woman picks up a child from the floor.
a dog is rolling under a pole.
part of the city is being dug up.
a lady sitting in a dark room with a little light, that has a variety of fruit in different sizes of square baskets.
people are putting up lanterns
person midst air wearing parachute
people are riding mopeds in the park.
three kids are sitting on the porch.
a band is eating breakfast before they practice.
the eleven people are throwing a football
the patient has a needle in his arm.
a resort
a girl in a pink shirt is riding a bicycle in traffic.
two men are walking
a man in a yellow short and shorts juggles knives.
two wrestlers, one wearing mainly red and the other mainly blue are on a mat in a wrestling position.
a woman rushes down the street to make her date.
the people in the crowd liked the band.
a man in a white outfit with a red belt performs an acrobatic move in front of a group of people who encircle him.
the girl is preparing for her big gymnastics showcase on sunday.
an elderly man is working on metal on a hot day.
the person is sitting in a canoe.
the biker is male
two boys buying cotton candy.
a bird is fleeing a predator
there are two restaurants in this picture.
a man is leaning on a pole by the building.
the men looking to start a riot
a woman paints a tree with watercolors.
a man is enjoying a pipe.
a man wears clothing to match his white bowling ball.
there are little girls riding bright red tricycles outside.
a man is carrying his daughter
a man relaxing indoors.
the man is looking for the nearest public restroom.
a man is wearing a funky outfit to prom.
the man is holding a pool stick in his hands.
several people are in the snow.
a curly-haired man is spilling drinks on the audience
a man is playing a special guitar and looking at a television.
an oriental man in a white shirt selling food outside.
a woman chases a dog down the street with a stick.
a child is standing on a post.
a dance instructor gives instruction to a group of people in a sea of foam.
two construction workers are working outside on a lawn.
a young woman is outside
people dressed up for a play
there are no skateboarders doing tricks.
football kicked by a player.
two black dogs are playing outside.
the two motorcyclists challenged each other to a race.
the boy is riding a tractor.
someone is sliding.
a group of musicians playing some music in front of a building.
two blond women lean against a wooden fence
young boy looking at a purple letter "p" the hand in front of him is holding.
the lady in shades wore a costume.
a shirtless man sings while playing his ukulele.
two boys in red bathing suits sitting on the side of a pool.
men walking in severely cold weather.
a group of children are playing a game
a yellow sign advertises insurance in spanish.
a man and the group behind him are getting ready to go into the ocean.
some children are sitting on rafts in a lake.
woman reaches into purse
no one wants to play ball with tony
a tiger at the zoo.
a girl scout is bagging things.
a man is smoking for awareness.
the man is in the shower
only one person is visible.
a man with tattoos is getting dressed.
the performer sings a new song written by her band member.
three guys sitting outside at a job site.
a person is fixing the wheel of his bike.
a photographers photographs a model for his portfolio.
a small child plays in the sand of a playground.
a woman and child riding camels near the ocean.
several men in hard hats walking along a snowy overlook.
a man has a little boy in red shirts on his shoulders
three people race their bicycles in competition in the forest.
customers are sitting at a restaurant.
a blonde girl in a yellow shirt covers her face.
the man is near an item.
the man was fast asleep in his hammock.
the man is taking a break from rollerskating in the park.
dogs running through field
a man rakes leaves between the two cars.
black and white dog has blue ball in mouth.
the woman and children are walking away from an ice cream stand.
a man wearing blue coveralls is handing a tool to another person.
the cab driver's child waiting alone.
a football player is calling a time out while his teammates prepare to play football.
there is a bicycle on the street.
a woman throws her camera at a tree screaming.
the performer was a zombie.
the dog is black and brown
the snowboarder was outdoors.
a woman walks past a glamour store as she holds her black purse.
the family loves taking pictures.
the people are in the rain at the beach.
a snowboarder is completing a jump.
a bunch of geese fly amid a beautiful sunset.
the greyhound is running in a race trying to catch the bunny.
the men are black.
a man in a blue shirt is resting his dogs in the woods.
the musician all in black is eating at the bar
there are two women walking outdoors.
the man is a baseball player .
the restaurant has good rolls.
a marching band performs at a homecoming football game.
all the saxophone players are wearing jackets.
the group of people are going to order chicken wings.
a boy plays in the fountains.
some people pose together.
a man without a shirt is climbing a tree trunk.
two men are helping someone else.
thre are five adults.
a girl is wearing jeans
a boat is on the water, with mountains in the background after a man fell out.
people are posing.
a man in a yellow shirt is doing something with a log on the beach.
married folks playing on a playground
a lady and a man are discussing a binder.
a young woman in yellow watches a surfing lesson from her board.
the man loves his picture being taken.
two sisters are having a friendly chat.
a man works in a barn.
a little girl riding a cat.
children climb on a fence.
two people stand on the pier looking at the ocean and embrace.
bearded man playing an acoustic guitar
five girls are in front of a wall.
two women are gossiping about a man walking by.
the man is riding a horse down a ski slope.
people are sitting down to have a dinner
man in red vest puts down his tools and throws out a piece of wood shaped like a stump
several runners are practicing for a competition.
a man with a smile sitting on the floor fixing his bicycle.
a red-haired woman sitting having her caricature drawn by a man.
the dog is dreaming.
the ledge is high up.
a woman is drinking tea under a hut.
the person is outside taking photos.
male tennis player with tattoo on left arm in position to hit the ball with onlooker sitting down.
a person is skating in public
a halftime show at the football game.
the umpire is alone in the bathroom.
these people are in a room.
the attractive lady is wearing a red blouse
a young woman has her picture taken by a photographer.
a black dog is running in the yard
a person in a black shirt and baseball cap is applying filler to a trench in the floor.
a crowd of people walk around.
the blond woman in the jean jacket clenched her fists as she walked away.
two mountain climbers are outdoors.
two women wearing sleeveless dresses are moving.
a boy takes something from a box being held by a man in a bunny suit.
the children are taking a break after walking up steps.
a large crowd is attending a political rally.
a woman owns a sailboat.
a child is running through a blue fountain
four road workers planting a tree.
two women are on a walkway outside, and both of the women are smiling as one of them takes a small hop in the air.
a shark eats a woman
a young, white boy standing alone in a yard in autumn, using a leaf blower to clean the yard.
a woman in white pants stands in some grass.
the young man is in his college dorm room.
people stand in a liquor store.
a bunch of laptops are in a circle around a person
dog running fast
man looking at the moon!
three men celebrate a birthday.
a woman enjoying herself.
a kid is walking behind an adult.
the man is taking off his glasses.
a snowboarder is sitting in the snow.
the little dog is running on the beach.
the children are wearing bathing suits.
a man paints his plastic model.
basketball player in the orange uniform attempts to block the shot of the player in the white uniform.
a woman trains for a race
a happy child looks at her sister
man holds a resume.
a group of men smoothing the rocks.
a group of people in white shirts are jogging.
a woman is performing a martial arts move with her leg in the air in a gym with five teammates or competitors looking on.
the man is stoking the fire.
the people are washing a dog.
the man on the sidewalk peered into the store.
the man is very tall.
a man is selling some vegetables.
a man attempts to hold onto his horse
two women of african descent, a dark-skinned man and western man in a white shirt posing for a photograph.
a scarecrow guards pumpkins in a field.
a dog playing with a stick that his owner threw.
some people are having a large party on the coast.
a motorcyclist gazes upon the natural world.
a fruit seller is taking pictures to help create an advertisment.
the person wearing 53 is in first place.
two young boys are cleaning up fallen leaves.
the winning dog took the lead shortly after this scene.
older man standing next to a green, yellow and white taxi.
a teenager plays her trumpet on the field at a game.
a dolphin performs for a crowd.
several dogs sleep in the hospital parking lot.
the trapeze artist is high above the ground.
a young boy eats a piece of cake.
a woman in an orange jacket sits on a bench waiting for a friend.
two people doing some construction work.
man climbing wall
a girl waits at the dining room table for her cassarole to get done.
people play instruments
two men standing next to a fire at night.
all of the protestors have their hands down and clenched at their sides.
a small child and a small black cat.
guys are digging in the ground
a filled trashcan with graffiti on it.
the young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.
a military man is leaning on a wall.
a teddy bear is outside.
i am very thirsty, let me drink water.
a woman and a kid are making a snow sculpture, as a dog lays on the ground next to them.
a woman in a skirt is walking down the street.
the girl is sitting down with her dog.
a skateboard sacks the camera out of the man's hands.
a boy is breaking a toy.
two men in traditional arab dress standing near a car wave at an suv in the desert.
in front of a seated crowd, a man receives a beard trim during a hair cutting class.
a male is wearing a white shit while standing next to a building.
a man lies on a blue blanket with a child on his back.
a man wearing a low cut dress walking with other men.
the man and women is laying on the couch smiling.
a woman reads on newspaper on a snow covered street.
a boy plays in a pool with a toy.
the quarterback goes to school in florida.
the dog runs across the green lush grass.
a woman is playing with a toy sword.
people eating lunch indoors.
a woman is getting her blood pressure checked.
an aging white man stands behind a bar in casual dress, smiling.
two men are working on a computer.
the giraffe has spots on it's face and neck.
a man breakdancing in front of a crowd.
there are people in an open space and there is a boy in a black t-shirt with the word "qualified" on the back.
a woman eating an apple.
many of the dishes contain rice.
a group of children are outside dressed in blue in a fenced in area.
the gray dog is gnawing the man's arm off.
some men meet in a lobby.
the two young women are related.
girl playing cops and robbers.
british actors in a park, including an actor dressed as a news caster.
men are playing music.
the child is wearing black crocs.
a man with a large helmet plays rock music to a small child underwater.
a child sleeps on xmas eve.
a gymnast wearing a maroon and black outfit has just completed a routine and is posting on the gym mat.
two children are inside reading.
a young lady is posing indoors while standing next to the couch.
the mother and child are sight seeing.
the woman and girl posed posed with the cardinals mascot in the mall.
a guy and lady are posing and people are laughing at them.
the man is sitting in a lounge chair on the beach.
a tour guide is explaining the rules on a sign.
the woman is wearing black sunglasses.
a man is laying down on a sofa.
a man is on injured on the floor while others watch as he waits for medics to arrive.
the people prepare to install a window.
people are walking on the sidewalk in a city.
a man is riding a motorcycle in the rain.
a sheltie runs through the forest with his tongue out, mouth open.
there is a wedding taking place in the church.
the girl is moving through the air outdoors.
the water bottles are at the foot of the bed.
an airplane makes a heart as people watch.
the guy laying on the grass is getting a sunburn.
a woman is looking through a pair of bincoculars.
a small child uses a grinding machine while wearing safety glasses.
a woman uses a skimmer to clean an outdoor swimming pool.
people are talking on their cellphones about the recent dip in stock prices.
a young couple stand next to some baskets
a young boy is begging for forgiveness
the animal is looking for food.
a man is sitting on the side of the street waiting for his friend.
a little asian boy plays basketball.
two construction workers in front of large glass panels stand behind a chain link fence in front of which is a parked, red motor scooter.
a person feeding birds
a woman and a man eating dinner inside a restaurant.
they are walkng.
the person is getting ready for a race.
a male in a crowd of humans talking while outside smoking.
a man barbecues in a red apron.
a man has lost his shirt.
this is an aerial shot of people sitting outside in chairs on a patio and drinking.
running and playing instruments is hard
a blonde woman is smoking and drinking and there is music playing.
a mother dips pieces of fruit into a bowl of liquid chocolate as her anxious daughter looks on.
a man walks in front of a store at night.
the woman is enjoying her time out by expressing herself through motion.
woman trying to get taxi
a guy is riding in a competition.
a girl in a black and red leotard performs on the uneven bars for gymnastics.
a camel is carrying things.
a woman has luggage above her head.
a human carving
a man is talking to children
the woman is laying in bed with a young girl.
a man with no shirt beginning to enter a bath.
two small boys are wearing red shorts and yellow sleeveless shirts.
a man in a hat is laughing on a joke
a guy is helping another person with handstands.
crowds pass while men hold up festival decorations.
a skateboarder performs an aerial trick amongst dingy-looking walls with power lines crisscrossing the background.
a group of people listening in a class.
a young boy stands on the table.
a woman is bowling with some friends.
the boy has snow boots.
the man playing the accordion has drawn a large audience.
a young girl is holding a blue ball in both hands.
one person cares for another person.
a child in a red and blue hoodie is playing by himself.
a man does a handstand while surfing yesterday.
people are dancing in snow.
the lake is frozen.
a boy skateboarder is grinding on a rail.
the boy skates down the sidewalk.
a blonde girls bowls a red ball
the papers are flying through the air.
two basketball players are on the court.
two men walk by a shop window
a child holding a paddle.
people sitting at the park& others walking around a park.
two dogs are in the back of a van.
two well dressed custodians sweep an intricately decorated mosque.
a woman in a hard had is working in a lift.
the children's boots are pink.
a young boy sits on the shoulders of his father while holding a balloon.
the hotel has many guests, so it is a busy day.
lots of people walking by a large castle like structure.
a guy wearing a gray t-shirt is shaving is face.
a person wears a shirt and hat doing something under the back of a vehicle while a child looks.
to fully dressed ladies wave to other people
baby wearing blue asian garment, grabbing fruit from a bowl.
adult man playing on swing
people walk up and down a crowded market area.
a man in a football helmet looks around.
a woman is walking across the street with 4 children.
dog running in the surf
the dog is chained up.
a man in a shirt and a man in a gray ripped sweater outside.
a woman is taking a picture of something above her with a digital camera.
people are dancing the polka.
people are outside at a university on a sunny day.
three people are walking through a field of tall grass.
a man is looking at a shower wall made of glass
the cowboy is dancing.
the men are bowling
a man in a blue shirt pulls a boat to the shore with the help of a man in a red shirt, a woman in a white shirt, and a child.
a man is wearing a suit jacket with a "free word" sign on it.
two humans stand on a small hillside
it is ok for men to kiss men.
a man and a woman are walking in a street.
some childrens in the swimming pool
white dog on mountainside turns to face something offstage, sky in background.
two young girls in skeleton costumes attached to a leash.
there is a woman in a black hat and black jacket flirting with a man in a black jacket.
a man waiting for a bus.
a big brown dog standing on construction equipment.
the people  are fighting
a group of musicians and singers practice.
the us army 101st airborne division marches on paris.
the cow is riding the boy.
a child plays outside
a young girl has shadows on her jean jacket
two chefs are deciding whether or not to purchase some beef for their daily special.
a man is shoveling snow near a red truck
they are at fenway park.
the woman takes a drag.
a sponsored motorcyclist is making a turn on a racing circuit.
a guy is playing with four water hoses.
the people are waiting for the streetlight to change colors.
the puppies are rolling around in the grass.
five people dance.
a man with a beard and white bandannas is playing the guitar on the sidewalk.
the man is not looking at the camera.
a man fell when trying to perform a trick
a empty class in a big auditorium.
the crowd is watching a futuristic vehicle driving.
people are tossed around in a blue raft in a foamy river.
a weary old man takes a seat in the audience.
a man in a choir robe is standing at a microphone while the choir sits behind him.
a person talking to another person without a shirt on.
a bearded man is drawing a flag on the ground in the parking lot with some chalk.
a guy on the motorcycle.
a woman in a scarf can been seen through a window
the group of men are about to get intoa  fight
two football teams engaged in competitive action against each other.
a man runs away while a woman watches
two people jumpinjg over a large wave at the beach
a woman walking with a beverage in her right hand.
the people are not leaving the ceremony.
at the boundary lines of the soccer field is a man with a ball.
five young lady getting ready to run the 100m dash
the man being thrown off a horse is a professional horse rider.
two men are fighting with pretend swords in a medieval show.
a big mannequin at a lingerie show with a woman getting fitted in the background.
a young man is parasailing on a cloudy day.
a mountaineer is scaling a mountain.
a white man on a subway reading a magazine sitting between two men of middle east ethnicity.
a college student looks through a microscope focusing on a specimen.
the football teams are all male.
the dogs look at the snake in the grass.
humans are playing with water.
a black lady walking on beach between crowd
a group of people celebrate their birthday's in a restaurant.
a woman punches pads being held by a man.
a man wearing an orange cap sits on a white bench beside a blue trashcan.
a woman showing a littler girl the inside of a computer
a team is celebrating in a photo
a man sells coffee.
men white water rafting are about to drown.
two people conversing
the man is rapping and playing the drums.
a little boy is looking at his gifts on christmas morning.
two women dress in dark clothes for a funeral.
a worker is very hot while he builds the wall.
two young children are playing with a bubble-maker.
three people throw rocks at a dog.
women are in a city together.
a man is next to a blue sign.
people with their arms in the air.
a dog is sleeping near a child's sandbox.
two workers are working vigorously.
a dog chased a squirrel up a tree and is waiting for it to come back down.
people are sitting at a table with lots of food.
women sitting on the beach.
a young boy sleeps.
a toddler and a woman walk down the street.
a woman wearing plaid pants rides a motorcycle down the road with a pillow and plant secured to the backseat.
guys in safety gear tow a car.
a man with a red shirt getting ready for a barbecue.
the young girl is heading for the beach.
an owl on a picnic table at a dock.
a man selling items for kids pulls his cart around.
a black and white dog in midair over a hurdle.
a woman holding a long handkerchief.
two dogs together in a field of grass within sight of a beautiful home.
an empty bus station at night.
asians walk to work.
people wearing medical uniforms are next to a computer.
old people walk in a mall.
two men working
a young girl wearing a blueish green shirt standing at the kitchen counter.
a man is using a crane to lift pipes onto a boat.
a man in khakis stand in his neighbors doorway.
a tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball with his racquet.
a man is holding a hammer
men are sitting in some vegetation beside a stecco structure.
a woman is sitting on a couch looking at the screen of her laptop.
a mouse is caught in a moues trap.
the man is doing tricks on the bench.
a guy is water skiing.
a couple sits together.
a little girl is looking through a telescope at the beach.
the women are pretty
a person in a robe and apron is cutting bread on a table.
the people in the background are all wearing thimbles.
two people are jumping on a trampoline, on the stairs, while talking.
a small, blond baby looks for a toy in the washing machine.
a food vendor is on a street.
during a soccer game, two players jump up to headbutt the ball.
a climbing person uses a specialized tool to help.
it looks like the holiday season at the bar.
a man is sitting in the crowd.
a dog is walking near a body of water.
children looking at books.
five people jump for joy in a photo.
a young boy playing baseball.
boy and white dog running in grassy field
a group of mountain climbers are scaling mt helen
a woman in white, wearing a tiara, the beach in the background.
a boy in blue shows a girl in denim the water fountain in a hallway.
a young girl dressed in a princess costume dress
a man in a white t-shirt and khaki shorts sleeps on a leather couch.
a woman is standing on the sidewalk handing out fliers.
two workers in a boat rake a pond
an old woman is looking at a camera.
the girls are swimming in the surf.
the cowboy is trying to lasso a horse.
a man on a street corner is playing multiple instruments for walkers by.
a man and woman are working hard today in the gated space between buildings.
one man sitting in an exuma with 3 other men standing around a construction site.
the person is sleeping under a tree.
children are playing outdoors.
a woman is putting make-up on.
a skier in red pants is on a snow covered slope.
a man in a blue shirt scowls as he stands on a city street.
two people play instruments on stage.
the baby is in a suitcase.
a family drives their car toward the mountains.
a swimmer is running around the pool.
the man is sitting in a church pew.
the man has on a black coat.
a man throws a beach ball to his girlfriend.
a group of boys plays soccer
a group of friends are playing a game.
two young women in identical blue dresses giving the peace sign in an auditorium.
a group of young oriental children gather around their teacher as she shows them how to complete a task.
a group of people at a fast food restaurant.
the man is throwing a stick to the dog.
a woman with a baseball cap on riding a bike while pulling a man sitting in a cart.
the boy has a favorite flower.
a man with a strange helmet sitting on his motorcycle.
a person is standing under an umbrella after a downpour after her trip to the mall.
a boy in lakeside
people are at a picnic.
an african american gets a haircut.
a man is sewing a tent.
four people are standing and listening to a woman in a blue scoop neck.
the little boy is his biggest fan
people standing on a rug.
two men performing on instruments.
there is an event.
a man with sunglasses walking in a park.
the native child is ripping the man off
a man in a gray shirt and camouflage pants looks through a telescope in the day time.
a daring adolescent ramps his bicycle over another boy.
a woman is walking down a busy street.
a woman takes pictures at the beach.
they are watching the young and the restless.
the gentleman carrying the flag is caucasian.
a man is posing with a lawn mower.
the kids are all outside playing.
people doing yoga on a wii in the house.
a woman is observing a martial arts event.
a black dog is pulling.
a band performs for nobody at all.
a woman wearing a black top taking a picture of a man with a white shirt.
a funeral.
a person with black gloves and a white hat is standing and adjusting their scarf.
a lady in jeans is holding a chicken.
kids are at the ymca.
a crowd of people are having fun getting drunk,sitting protected from the sun.
there is a hummingbird in motion.
children are getting wet with mud water.
kids playing
the older lady is with a girl making crafts so they can win first prize in the competition.
a boy is in a pool with his dad.
the person is enjoying the shade of a tree on a warm day
teenagers sit on the sidewalk near a bank.
someone in thin-metal armor, riding a horse and carrying a yellow and red shield.
two rodeo riders going after a young steer.
people boarding a bus.
two women are talking to a man in a wheelchair.
a small child wearing a gray and purple shirt playing with a black camera.
a man playing drums on upside down jugs.
a boy is winning a 200 meter dash.
two men are making food.
women walk with bikinis on a sunny day.
a man with a beard is working on a floor.
people sit on the beach.
some people are sitting around a table.
a brown dog wearing a red collar is waiting to be fed.
the police cars are not needed
the donkey pulls the cart everyone is sitting in.
getting my new car clean and shiny.
a man with an afro is a musician.
two men standing around talking by a city street.
two children are playing ice hockey on frozen ground outside.
the band is marching for the parade.
a man wearing a rastafarian hat and fred locks leans forward with his arms outstretched and his hands together.
two men are sweeping the floors of a temple.
two people are sliding.
the man is working with the wood is caucasian.
an asian man lies on the floor face down, looking exhausted with a tennis racket to his left side.
the people are at a football game.
the young man is eating a bucket of fried chicken.
a brown labradoodle retrieves a tennis ball in a lake
the two men are chatting on the football field.
on a city street, several people are present, many of them talking and wearing casual outfits, including a man with white pants at the front of the picture who is walking with his back to the camera with a canadian flag opened and draped down his back.
a donkey is sleeping.
man putting on pants with "artisti" sign on the door.
a crowd of people watch as their train passes them by.
baby boy kneeling on knees in front of welchs vending machine.
little boy and a dog are playing in a fenced in backyard with snow on the ground.
two men in black are walking on the sidewalk.
a plane is taxiing next to some water
there is a woman wearing a number
the three girls sat on the beach gazing at the water.
a person is standing next to feelings.
a man in a black hoodie and sunglasses is holding a microphone while a man in a ski masks plays guitar
two women sit in chairs waiting on a train
a football player runs with a football across a field with team members and opponents in background.
the men are near the water.
a skateboarder stalls on the lip of a bowl while his friends watch in the background.
three freinds sit next to the track.
three surfers are in the car.
a man is putting on a bra.
the girl is there with her parents.
the pup is participating in a dog show.
a group of runners drink bottled water
two women are having a good time.
he has good balance.
a lady is riding a horse.
a bunch of people on a camping trip in july.
the people are picking pumpkins.
a man is entering his vehicle.
a dirt bike rider wearing a yellow jumpsuit is in the air as another person watches.
the car is not upright.
people walk around the building they work at.
two females are holding large plastic bags
a group of dogs wrestling in the mud.
a gang of people are performing on a street.
three people are posing for a camera.
a cheer-leading group putting on a performance.
the athlete is going to leap across the chasm in his living room.
a woman is dancing in a field
a girl in a white shirt kneeling down lighting a candle.
a woman is mopping up the spilled milk.
the little boy is sitting on the bench with his poster.
a woman is sitting on a beach while talking on a cell phone and scratching her shoulder while 5 other people walk behind her.
the greyhound is eating dinner.
a black dog is outside in 100 degree weather.
four people sit and listen to a man
dog stands in river
a person in a rainbow colored snowsuit is snowboarding down a snowy slope.
a small dog has a baseball.
a man is outside standing next to a parking meter
a group of people are speaking
a boy is in a state park
there are two people in a room.
two girls spar in traditional martial arts clothing at a competition as judges watch.
the dorm is having a costume party
two short, fat people walk down the street.
there is a women outdoors in warm weather cleaning
a man is punching a punching bag
a kid bounces off a a yellow inflatable thing.
the man is at the airport.
there are women performing a physical activity.
joggers are running.
a man in a straw hat playing the drum.
a kid waits for a kiss.
one person takes shower
a man with a white shirt with his mouth open wide and turning buttons.
the people hate being in a circle.
male artist with no shirt and a tattoo on stage at an even with a microphone with a purple backdrop and stage lights above him.
the two men are performing on a stage.
a man and two women are alone in a room.
a girl cries with her arms crossed.
three boys are eating dinner at the table.
the man is running at top speed
the lady is holding a cake.
a young child prepares to throw a snowball.
the man is playing an instrument
there is a criminal in the back of a police van.
one man and three women pose for the camera.
a band plays music on a sunny day at the beach.
an oriental woman smokes a cigarette.
food trucks gather at food cart festival
a man sits on a school bus while another walks down the aisle.
a boy jumping from chair to chair.
the national cheer-leading championship.
the slide is circular.
people are looking in the hole.
a kid is trying to climb a big rock.
children play in an inflatable pool.
a man holding a crying infant
a dog is wearing a bandanna on his birthday.
a girl is splashing around in the waters outside.
a man in a white shirt plays pool.
a white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
the man is a vendor.
a young man poses with a stick.
a girl is eating alone.
kids are holding flags
the humvee is in a garage.
two men in silly glasses sit on the floor.
person riding down mountain
a child is playing at the community pool with friends.
there is a small blue tent
the boy is playing catch.
a man and woman are selling fruits and vegetables in america.
a girl with brown hair is at home since she is sick.
two people are doing some kind of weird exercise.
a young man in office attire jumping rope at work with a smile.
a man talking on a phone.
two people are waiting for the subway so they can get a ride to work.
man holds up large seafood platter
he is in a good mood.
there are five people near a motor home.
5 people are holding spray cans.
the child is wearing a green shirt
a crowd is addressed by a man in a white t shirt.
a baby is wearing clothes.
three singers with hard hats are posing with a live alligator.
mother and son having fun on the beach.
the umpire is not paying attention to the game.
a man watches girls while smoking a cigar.
dog looks at two cats
there are several people golfing.
two people are talking in a hallway.
a boy and two ladies are sitting.
she is a hot dog vendor.
a man is seated in a tree.
a woman with brown hair and wearing a black hat is looking in a microscope and writing something down.
mumford and sons warm up before a show.
a couple is reflected in a window.
a barefoot man asks for change.
the group is near the men with turbans to learn about their culture.
it's a school photo.
a person with face paint.
dogs search for shade in the desert.
the conductor was agitated because his musicians were messing up during the performance.
three women in dark shawls and hats talk on a brick street while a dog sits next to them.
the little girl is happy
two men check e-mail on their laptops.
a blond girl wearing a blue hat is working with yarn.
there were a lot of families in the park.
a field is being walked on
a cat chases a dog
two men are running opposite directions of one another.
the man is leaning back.
two women in white shirts stand by a sink, one with a bowl and one holding a pen.
car driving on a lot
people wear rainbow colored coveralls in a bike race.
a woman poses for the camera in front of other people eating and drinking.
man wearing red uniform holding a black hat in the air with his right hand.
there are people with food.
they are driving in a car.
the basketball player dunks the ball.
three girls are knitting for a class course
a man with a hat and suspenders is walking through cornfields toward a silo in the background.
the man in the blue shirt with the knife is also wearing brown pants
a group of people walking away from a building.
a man cooks meat over the fire.
school boys goof off for a picture.
a racer turns the corner.
the man is filming a commercial.
a man was climbing a ladder up the cliff.
a man who is wearing team attire races on his bike on a road as the background is blurry.
some boys are sleeping
a child plays with a ball
three kids waiting in the canal are playing
the three boys love soccer.
the person is warming up for a tennis match.
a man in a black apron is preparing vegetables for a dinner party.
man with gray hair and a white shirt kneels amid bikes.
a man jumps of the empire state building.
three people are on a balcony.
a girl is running in the snow
a woman in a red dress is walking with a man and a white dog.
the woman lost her teeth doing drugs.
a woman has her hair braided because it is long.
there is a group of people fighting over a dish.
a man operating a sewing machine.
a stallion is running through a field.
two young girls are trekking through deep snow, one is wearing a white coat and the other a purple and gray coat.
four women are sleeping in front of the camera.
a woman in a chef's jacket is seated at a white table and writing in a book.
two males are looking away from a photographer.
two female are outdoors.
two people are standing, and looking at some trees.
a young boy swings a large stick as a crowd watches.
a red ski boat is on a trailer at a park.
two people waiting outside
a woman plays an instrument.
there is an old man holding a light
an old man attends to his fruit patch.
one lonely individual with a yellow backpack and khaki-colored ski pants is crosscountry skiing, high up in the mountains overlooking a large lake.
women reading magazines
one of the men is smoking
serena williams prepares to hit the tennis ball.
the bride is hula-hooping.
people are gathering for a community event.
the ball is moving at an increasing velocity.
a woman is walking five dalmatians.
the girl is in the ocean.
man and women walking side by side on the street.
a woman sits in the grass while hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
a person is riding a wakeboard.
a man is wearing a sweater.
they are being silent.
dog catching a red frisbee.
two women jump into the air.
bob was taking score.
they are playing in the water.
a man and women are on the beach.
a man is drinking a cup of coffee.
there are two women on stage.
school kids are competing for a championship.
a black dog is looking for it's owner on the beach.
toddler boy in a red hat holding on to some railings.
the mascot is dancing at a pep rally.
a woman is looking for a ship.
the crowded bus of people is making many stops.
this is a four-way stop featuring three cars, one cyclist, and two pedestrians.
5 people chatting around an outdoor patio.
a group are showing their hands.
an old woman sits with her children in a straw hut with a blue blanket and yellow pillow.
two angry guys take a picture.
a woman balances a small child on her hip.
a dirty young man is asleep in front of a garage.
a girl is at a funeral.
a lady with a variety of produce vending in the shade and weighing a slice of fruit.
four men do a dance on stage together.
the man is at a desk looking at a computer screen.
a man plays an acoustic guitar.
the adult woman is walking with a boy.
a man is wearing a red clown nose while standing outside and talking to another man.
many people walking around an art exhibit.
a skateboarder does tricks.
a little girl smiles while holding two rocks.
a women's bicycle race is taking place in the city with lots of speculators.
a man dressed as a woman walking the streets.
three women dress up as ninjas for a costume party.
a woman is painting a chair
two hockey players are mad at each other.
two young boys running on a grassy field
men holding beer bottles are face down in the snow.
people are outside in a crowd
a band performing a song.
two dogs bite each other
a woman is talking to friends under a church.
the inside of the truck is visible.
a football team is playing outside on a clear day while people sit in lawn chairs and watch.
there is a little boy, playing with pokemon cards.
the man is the father of the child for whom the party is being thrown.
a girl in a striped bodysuit stands in a window's winter display.
a man dressed in black rides a green bike.
a young boy in jeans and a dark jacket slides down a slide towards the camera.
a little girl wearing pink cooking with her mom inside a resturant.
boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
the woman walk along the sandy beach.
a man is making a hat.
the boy was jogging around the track.
the boy is playing in a park setting.
a few men are using a recording device indoors.
boy likes to run
the woman is nearly submerged in the water.
the blonde woman is sitting on a bench.
the riders are outside.
two men in harnesses work on a construction project.
a man is playing a baseball game
a man in a red hat rides a green bicycle
the group is walking in the asian section.
man carrying garbage bag full of cans.
two people are eating christmas dinner.
the girls fell while climbing a fence.
the woman is pacing the floor.
a man is standing behind a giant green machine.
a elder man plays a drumset
a baby drinks milk from a bottle.
a boy on a scooter.
a man is window shopping.
people standing together
a boy with green pajamas is opening a present.
some horses running loose through the park.
person driving a car by a movie entrance
three children playing outside.
a man shovels snow while standing between two black trucks.
there are five people sitting around a coffee table going over some paperwork.
a baby sleeps in his crib.
the boys are tired from playing.
a bride holds roses for her wedding while a groom watches
a young couple is taking the dog for a walk.
two girls take a nap
twins dressed identically attempting to switch places.
the men and woman have their hands full of puppies.
a hamster sits on a girl's lap.
multiple underpants on ground near a shelter.
two humans perform some music
a couple is walking down the street and waves at an indian couple
there's a band in the basement.
a male doctor delivering a baby.
a boy on a basketball court tries to kick the soccer ball wearing flip-flops.
nobody is lying.
a mom helping her son.
a woman wearing a purple jacket is breastfeeding a baby.
a man and his dog go for a walk around the block
several people are walking through a movie theater.
a crowd scene with pigeons in a plaza.
one person touches their lips to another's skin.
a homeless woman sleeping on a bench using tattered rags to stay warm.
a youn woman on a man's back walking down a cement path with another couple behind them holding hands.
the woman watches an asian program on tv.
a construction worker is clearing the area around the foundation of a building.
a man outside a store.
men and women at an open-air market buying.
tennis player is serving on a grass court at 126 kilometers per hour to defeat opponent.
the people have a fish.
a man is waiting for his wife to be done at the nail salon.
there are a lot of waves today that make the boat hard to paddle.
some males are working on some projects outside.
a huge car is parked.
a child is in a field.
the man is wearing bermuda shorts and a hawaiian-print shirt
a man is playing an instrument outside.
the street performer was displaying his last show of the day.
they are playing rugby.
two men are at the bar.
a dog chases a ball across the grass
all dressed up costumes
the drivers are racing
a baseball pitcher prepares to throw.
a woman touches herself.
the girl is playing with a dog
a man holds the hair of a woman to show her matching tattoo.
a group of people are leaving a club.
a pack of dogs chase girls through a park
people passing the time in a city in a middle eastern country.
a group of people are in a pool
a man in a parade playing drums while celebrating the independence of america.
a russian man is burning books.
a black dog stands on a hill.
the child is playing while being watched by older people.
a smiling man holding sticks and fire stands on the shoulders of another smiling man.
people outside watch something.
horses participate in a long race.
a basketball player has the ball in his hand
group of people entertaining the crowd with their band.
there will be a beautiful garden reception at the bride's parents home following the wedding.
the animal swimming
the man in the gray shirt and sandals is pulling the large tricycle.
a sports player in a tight red shirt is falling to the ground.
scientist has no microscope to look at
the children are indoors watching tv.
a man is at a table.
they talk about the weather
the woman is on a pogo stick
two moped riders are driving on a nighttime road while another vehicles zooms past.
the man is inside of an rv.
a person is walking to his job.
a boy playing catch
a teenage mops the floor in a hallway.
the men are on the floor doing crunches as they wait on their meal.
four boys having a snow ball fight.
two people are standing near to each other.
a man lying on the beach under an umbrella.
a kid is showing his video game talent to his friends.
the children are blonde
people are walking around a yard sale in the snow.
an asian girl in glasses is laying in a deep pit of snow to make snow angels.
a woman hammering a piece of hot metal is fit.
a woman cooks food.
the cook is building a bookshelf.
two young ladies, one blond talking on the cellphone, one brunette texting, are walking on the summer street.
girl in pink shirt posing in the garden.
the traffic light is hazardous
the little boy rides his bicycle in a race.
a bike rider is caught midair in front of some trees.
a man is standing on a big rock overlooking a valley.
two girls and a boy are getting ready to jump into a backyard pool.
the women have exposed skin from their torsos.
a boy has clean shorts.
there's a guy on the beach.
the person takes a picture.
the old man is putting potato chips in his mouth.
a girl and her dog looking into the depths of a stream.
a race car is smoking on the track.
two women are walking down the boardwalk to the beach.
the diverse group of passengers were riding the tour bus down the street
the guy is walking away from his vehicle.
the old man points the lady to the store.
there is a crew setting up the band equipment.
boy sits down on horse in field.
the two men love each other
criminals are being photographed in a lineup.
the roller derby is intense.
a man stands on a grassy cliff that overhangs a deep blue ocean.
there is a kid in a blue shirt and shorts with a dog.
a man on stage.
two people are standing along a small canal on a dimly light street.
a man is seen through a black window.
a skier slaloms through the trees on a snow-covered mountain slope
people are sitting apart and grimacing.
three people walking along rocks, going to go fish
a homeless man believes he is a conductor.
the worker is icing cupcakes.
saint peter fumes behind his golden gate.
a dog is walking on the road.
people are watching a famous tournament while on vacation.
the woman is wearing a tiara.
a baby is hold an adults fingers on the beach.
an asian man is wearing a pink kimono.
a man is fixing a door frame.
three children are gathered around.
the banner says "merry christmas".
someone riding a motorcycle in the desert
the green-suited band is playing in the plaza in front of the church.
they are at a party
the men are working with the piles of wood.
a group of people near a pickup truck on a snowy street.
a cat is running down a rocky beach
a man is near the building.
a woman in a blue dress and a little girl walking in an outside marketplace.
the person is newly-divorced and enjoying being alone.
two mountain climbers stand atop a snowy peak.
the man stands on the bleachers.
the police officers are riding horses.
an older couple looks at a woman smiling at a baby.
a child is sitting by a decorated tree.
a child has an animal on their shirt.
and he crows with his nose.
a man his son attend the championship game.
a woman sleeping near a river bank.
the person is near a musical instrument.
a lady wearing a dark outfit and carrying a white bag is walking along a street.
the children are seated quietly in their home.
a man stands on a deck outside.
a woman is reading a magazine
a young man parasailing in the ocean.
a woman wearing a jacket is walking on a sidewalk.
two dogs are looking up at a person.
the brothers are eating.
two garbage workers sitting down.
three dancers perform for an audience.
a barbecue with at least two attendants in an undisclosed location.
the two man are wearing matching clothes
a fireman putting out a fire.
a man and child are looking at something.
two girls are standing outside.
the man is by the church.
the woman is hosting a meeting with leprechauns.
a young boy shows excitement.
people at an outdoor bar.
a child playing in the beach sand during a sunset.
a man passes a piece of tree through a mill.
some women knitting.
the guys are on a boat.
the woman and her daughter are in china painting chinese symbols on the cemenet
she is admiring the paintings.
there are two kids on the trampoline.
a young boy runs through the water on a beach near trees.
a woman is laying in her bed
a sad person is doing tricks on a bicycle in a city.
people are in orange uniforms
people are holding signs for their favorite team
a mother forces her kid to eat peas
a man is on top of the water in a boat.
a man is walking across a bridge, buildings with asian writing in background
two women are preparing lunch in a dirty kitchen.
a man doesn't know what kickboxing is.
people are about to start arguing.
two people in colorful robes and masks are party of an annual festival in a european city square.
a girl with a boy standing behind her is stepping into a swimming pool
four people are trying to draw the best tiger they can.
a man cuts hair for a living.
there are ladies outdoors.
a woman in front of a large clock.
a man squeezes between two rock formations.
two men reading novels.
three children wielding shovels are in front of a large mound of snow.
a boy in a pool tilts his head back.
this is a band of singers and their accompaniment.
the man is looking at a strange creature on his fishing pole.
a group of older gentlemen walk down the street playing musical instruments amid the crowd.
woman makes a face while playing the board game clue.
two ladies laughing at dinner.
a girl is looking through her pink binoculars.
a dog is trying to climb a tree.
a woman is dancing on the street.
a girl calls her office.
three boys are making mud pies
a child is flying in an airplane.
the man is running naked across the football field.
three friends are handing out.
an animal is moving.
the man and his wife stole the kid from a hospital and are raising them as their own child.
four women dancing, inside a circle of women.
there is a religious sign.
a photo of a couple walking in what's possibly china.
there are lady's looking in the window of an asian restaurant.
two men are being lifted up by a piece of heavy machinery.
a woman and child at an outdoor market.
a man dressed up waiting to place his order at a bar.
four boys are playing at the park.
two men, one in a chef's uniform and one in a black jacket, cook food in a kitchen.
some people stand on a wall.
an orchestra is playing music for the construction workers.
a man walks outdoors.
two men play raquetball.
jim works from a coffee shop.
an old lady selling off used clothing at a market.
she is talking on the phone and dancing.
the women are going to the beach.
a brown and white dog runs across the grass.
two men are out in the snow in front of a tree.
the players are currently fighting with fists.
a young boy in jeans shows off his dance moves on a red dance floor.
three people are playing uno.
they are on the ground
a girl wearing blue walking with her dogs down the stairs.
the man is making a scene.
a kayak negotiates some rapids.
large man gets around in a wheelchair by himself.
the woman is worried about her safety.
a woman has groceries.
a girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing.
two dogs are on mars.
a group of older women sitting across from one another talking.
a dog runs in a race.
horses are running after a carrot
a small baby in red is crying.
black dog jumping bar in obstacle course
the girl is shopping with her mother.
a man with no hair is kissing another man
the woman is using dish soap
two cold people stand near a pole.
the person in the wheelchair is laughing.
a man is digging a grave
a guy riding a skateboard in front of a graffiti wall.
the man is performing surgery.
a policeman escorts citizens
four girls are looking at a book.
there is a group of people that went to a carnival.
a man is standing at a urban intersection.
the man is using a walking stick.
there are at least two photographers.
two boys are roasting a pig in the snow
a tall man is outside.
the two men are standing by trays of food.
a white poodle and two black poodles are playing in the grass on an autumn day.
two soccer players are vying for the ball.
a mother and son play at a family picnic.
group of girls cutting cake on lieu of birthday party
a band is performing dance music.
a native american woman portraying a headdress.
a child is reading a brochure about trains while sitting down.
the children are riding in the bus going home.
they are all on the stage.
two guys take a picture.
there are lots of children playing
a man standing on a beach.
the boy is happy
a boy is in an ugly part of town.
three men with reflectors on their clothing are searching in the field.
a dog jumps and runs through the forest and snow-covered ground.
man takes frames
brown dog leaping up with orange disc in mouth with blue and yellow toy boat in background.
the men are getting ready to play some music from the musical score.
a horse and rider make a jump.
a man goes sideways in the air to hit a beach volleyball.
two dogs frolic together in the snow
a female tennis player is standing with her feet apart on a court.
there are several graphics of the food and associated prices.
a woman is using a vacuum.
boy jumping over rail on bicycle while crowd watches
a man walks on the sidewalk and is heading to the water to take a swim.
the man just fell off of his bicycle.
the painter is taking a rest from his job of painting a billboard.
two women are crying and sad at a funeral.
a woman is dancing in a white dress with orange trim while a man stands to the side of her with his hat clutched to his chest with a crowd looking on behind them.
the two people are at the beach.
a man and a woman outside in the sand.
some females are leaning against a car while someone capture their image.
tow boys are playing soccer.
a man is about to crash while surfing.
three women who are on a softball team are practicing in their spare time.
the family is trying to sleep together.
the asian person is swimming with friends
there are no people around the trolley
a man selling fresh seafood.
the little girl is wearing a long dress and sitting on a bus.
the girl is taking a shower
a woman is breastfeeding while running.
the woman is using a laptop.
a worker cuts down a forest
a man is looking for a place to rest.
a small child in flip flops walks in the sand.
white and black men in wet black shirts hold hands outside as they run.
the runner is sweaty.
a man is sleeping in front of people.
the dog got a bath in the house
a lady in a martial arts competition
a baseball player is running.
three children are playing outside and one of them is unhappy.
a baby is eating food in a highchair.
a motorcyclist is winning first place in a race
a kid sleeping in a bed
two men have hockey sticks.
a young girl in white has pinned down another girl wearing blue that is lying face down on the ground.
three people wearing life preservers are enjoying some fun in the water.
a construction worker in new york city remembers 911.
women walked through advertisement
a man does a cradle trick with a yo-yo.
the child is small enough to fit in a backpack.
a musician is playing
two sad men are on a blue boat fishing.
a man is climbing up a large rocky mountain.
the woman is a suspect in a crime.
the chocolate lab runs through a lawn sprinkler.
a football player throws a football.
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck waiting for her man
there is a fresh produce stand.
two eggs being cooked
a child jumps in a pile of leaves.
the people are looking at a toy dog.
people are marching in a protest.
a man is taking a child on a hay ride.
two white dogs swimming in the ocean.
several people walking in front of a building with yellow lettering.
two men sit on a park bench, watching the river roll by, as a dog stands off to the side.
two women are playing instruments in the street
this is a hawk sitting in a tree
a toddler walking through an old building in a blue outfit.
a man is falling over the waterfall.
two men wrestle one in black wrestling gear the other in red, white, blue and gray while the referee leans in close.
the other team is wearing black shirst
the woman was standing on the couch
children are using power tools to build something
people at an auction that has furniture for sale
children are traveling through the streets.
he is going to get thrown off the animal.
a lion is stalking an antelope.
a bride and her bridesmaids are posing for a picture.
a zoo is set up in the city.
a man loads cardboard moving boxes onto the trailer.
girl in gray shirt, and pink hat, riding a bike through a park.
there is no-one in the room.
two people are friendly.
there are children indoors sitting
people are picking up trash at the beach.
a man is getting dunked on in basketball
young man, in a swimsuit, surfing on brown waters.
soccer players near a ball.
a person is sunbathing.
a man is at a lake
two girl study biology
a small boy is playing by a river
the man with the green shirt and beard  was sitting at a bus stop
two divers repairing equipment underwater.
a young child in a jacket is standing in a field.
there is a boy doing a hand-stand.
a woman is sitting on a bench while facing a bright fire.
man in green swim trunks carrying a surfboard along a rock wall to the ocean.
a kid is near a pool.
a man in all black with a visor on is golfing while a large crowd watches.
a grandmother and two of her grandchildren taking the dog for a walk in the woods.
there is a boy running by
an old man eats a banana.
some people are walking inside a building.
sunlight is poking through openings in the wall.
two guys holding a flag are taking photos.
a boy is looking at fish.
several people walking down the street wearing pink fluffy headbands
females are armwrestling each other.
a man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches.
a woman taking a picture of two dogs.
the five people of different ages are related.
four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.
the man is very weak.
a bride running through the rain as her train gets soaked with rain.
they are celebrating graduation
a man works with a puppet and a musical instrument.
the people are jumping up and down on a rock.
a large man is sitting on a bench next to a subway sign.
the women are preparing dinner.
the person is holding a camera.
the employees at this factory are not allowed to wear aprons.
a child is at a rally with a palestinian flag.
there are designs on the side of the pool.
the man is standing in of his house that is being built.
some people are outdoors
a man is carrying boxes.
a man wearing yellow smokes a joint.
three women are hard at work at their desks.
a brown dog runs in the grass with a wooden fence behind.
the woman is holding a camera and standing on a brick wall.
a musician is playing country music
a couple of people picking up things
a boy is bodysurfing in the waves at the beach
two kids who look almost alike are under the covers of a bed on display in a linen store.
the man playing an instrument wore glasses.
a circus worker showing her talent in her pink and blue uniform.
two people look at a kid.
a young woman about to take a drink from her beverage while sitting in front of flowers.
the boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym.
an older man is making cotton candy while others look on.
a person of authority sitting on a motorcyle wearing a white helmet and yellow vest outside.
two men are performing martial arts, they are dressed in white and one man has his leg between the legs of the other man.
a man is regarding the captivating beauty of the waterfall
a woman and her daughter sleep.
a monkey plays a guitar and smiles.
there are two women looking at a food vendor.
there is a child riding a horse
a boy is swimming underwater and bubbles are coming out of his mouth.
a girl is making a painting on the sidewalk with people watching
a white dog with brown and black markings frolics in snow.
the mayor speaks in front of a crowd.
a couple visits an artist at her display table.
a boy is wearing a red hat while riding a horse.
a family is camping.
a white man is playing golf alone.
two volleyball players compete in a sand tournament
five young people sit together.
a man is thinking of jumping off a balcony.
two students walk carefully carrying their project to school.
a picture of basketball players during a game in the rain.
a man is talking apart a piano.
two african women performing in front of a small audience.
a skier sitting in front of the fire in the lodge.
a man with a cane is sitting.
everyone is taking a break from the computer.
a drama team putting on a performance
a woman is protecting herself with an umbrella
a man and some bubbles.
the booths are only on one side of the street.
there are people in front of a restaurant.
a young lady looks at dresses she will buy
an old man pushes a cart past a shoe store.
great humans walking
young man returning home.
there are people on a plane.
dog on a rock next to water.
a white greyhound wearing a yellow and black jacket is running on a track.
two construction vehicles are being carried down a road.
four people dressed in black clothing stand together outside for bus
the man and woman hug.
a cyclist on his bike jumps over a board in a large open grass field, during what appears to be a race.
the stylist works on a woman's hair while she reads a magazine.
a dozen short asian men looking at a bug on the ground.
a mother and her son enjoy a day at a water park.
a woman is doing the makeup of a another woman who is going to be in a magazine photo shoot.
a man is walking with two plastic bags.
two people pose by a fence.
the adult makes the children behave
the people have no bird food.
a male bicyclist rides his bike on and off of ramps.
a married couple poses for a picture in a restaurant.
a girl is outside in a garden.
a small child sleeps heavily.
the crowd listening to the man play guitar.
a woman in a blue shirt pushes a bicycle contraption with a baby in it.
a smiling child runs througn a floor fountain in a city as other people around him watch outside.
a huge guy in a hat
a woman is getting ready for a date.
cowboy at a rodeo hurls his lasso at a young bull.
a boy is wearing a costume on a bike.
a jet climbs altitude.
a baby is at a parade for her community.
two men are running after the woman who stole their dog.
the seat is front of the organ is empty and everyone is wondering who will play it today.
people are dancing and enjoying the live music.
the woman wearing a cowboy hat is posing on a bucking white horse.
a middle-aged caucasian man is driving a postal van.
three woman talking and eating cake.
two boys sit in a blue toy car.
a brother and sister are making cupcakes
the people are religious
men in army camouflage sitting in a half circle talking.
a boy and girl are camping in the woods.
the men are synchronized swimmers.
the people are smoking.
a woman is looking out the window up at the sky.
a woman is a professional artist.
people on the bus
a person enjoys their hot chocolate.
a little girl about 2 with blond-hair is sitting on a bench all by herself.
a pair of martial artists are in front of a group of people.
a man is fast asleep on the train.
three people posing in a school room.
little kids are jumping down to the ground.
a girl riding a red bicycle in red heels and leg warmers, carrying takeout in a bag.
a woman and a child are digging a hole for a new plant.
several people are relaxing on a beach.
a person jumping off the boat into the water
people watching cats in a youtube video.
the boy wearing a blue shirt is blowing a huge bubble.
four young boys are inside holding guns.
the sitting boy waits outside for the bus as people walk by.
they all play guitar
the group is running a marathon.
the girl is skateboarding outside.
a woman is selling hats at the beach.
two workers lifting heavy machinery in the rain.
a group of dressed up people are waiting to get into an event.
in a small village, two men are playing drums in front of an audience.
the road is long
a black dog is sitting under a tree.
a lady wearing scarf hat and sunglasses shopping.
skier with number 5 on uniform, skiing down snowy terrain, with snow covered mountains in background.
the boy in a blue shirt lost his toy car in a tree.
three students of a sport stand in front of a man at an event.
a duck flying through the sky.
the white dog leaping over a snow covered log.
in pool surrounded by plants, one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl.
one male and one woman clown looking at a person in a pink triangular shaped costume.
an individual in a salmon colored polo shirt and jean shorts rides a small tractor outside.
the woman is trying on hats.
a rock band plays for a crowd of people.
there is a parade at night
the dogs are wide awake.
the machine lifts some dirt.
two men on break eating lunch.
one team is about to score
the little leaguers play at night.
the woman and child are sitting on a train.
a young boy is sleeping on a cot.
an olympic athlete performs in the javelin throw event.
two girls are eating a cake.
the man is sleeping in his bedroom.
old men play basketball in a gym.
a man bowling
a dog burrowing in the dirt trying to get an orange ball.
kids in a canoe on a body of water
the man is holding it for his new bride.
a man behind either a fence or cage.
a small boy in a lake eating a watermelon.
a man is doing tricks on his skateboard.
a man is making a blanket to sell.
a person is outside riding a cmall tractor and wearing a salmon colored polo shirt.
two guys- one with a basketball in his hand- are jumping.
a woman is sitting outside her house with a blue door, enjoying the air.
a woman dressed in a black jump suit climbed up the wall, moving slowly as she neared the top.
they tried to remove a boy.
two school age boys seem to be cleaning a fish they have caught while a hand of a third youngster reaches into the foreground seeming to offer them help.
two girls are wearing different outfits, and one is blowing a kiss to her mother.
a woman eating apples
a female officer is directing traffic.
a man walking in front of a department store.
a boy practices t-ball for a game.
a man is playing an accordion on the street corner
a man takes a break to eat his lunch.
a brown animal jumping.
a woman in a purple sweater is holding three bags on a street.
sun is really hot on the day time making people sweat
two people looking to make a phonecall to their mother.
a woman reads wearing a parka.
dog paws at log
the young children are at the theater.
there are lamps above a man.
asian people wearing helmet waiting to buy food.
two white and brown dogs up against a fence.
there is a group of people outside
five giggling children sit on a green bench in a park
a black cat is napping on a windowsill.
a man gets wet.
two woman can walk
a person is grabbing part of his body.
a girl is looking at the world outside of the car.
a man in a dark jacket is playing an instrument.
a girls face is upside
kids are holding signs
the man is working on a spreadsheet.
five military personnel in blue pants with brass instruments.
a dog has on a thinking cap.
a girl with a backpack and a boy on a bike are standing at a crosswalk.
the baby is in front of the computer.
man in a suit and tie making a presentation.
the dog's owner is running with it
the man was just on the moon and has returned.
a man is practicing riding a unicycle for his circus audition.
a picture of somebody under blue water.
a chef is teaching the new employee how to prepare sushi.
a family is eating fastfood at a resturant
a family is chilling in the outdoors
three friends sit waiting in a lobby.
a man sitting in a green chair and a little girl in a purple and pink dress.
a group of people hangout by a booth with a white big device.
a man in a green shirt and white hat repairing the fan of a customer waiting in line at his kiosk.
a man cutting open a fruit with a large knife.
the dog is running towards their owner.
two old friends relive a funny story from their youth.
there are 2 women next to a table selling make-up.
the dog is outside in a ski resort
6 men are working on a project
a child is doing a handstand on a green lawn outside where several people are playing.
seven people build a house in a field.
two women are inside of a store.
women are children are making noises.
the beach is deserted.
the balloon is shaped as an animal.
two people walk on the beach with a black dog.
three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
a swimmer is performing a flip
the people are enjoying the roller coaster as it goes through loops.
a big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
a man speaks over the loudspeaker.
a man in a blue shirt is walking and there is a blue bucket that can be seen.
two high school wrestlers are wrestling.
the students are taking a beginners' yoga class.
a man drinking a soda is standing in front of a bench near a group of people sitting
an older man stands in a crowd wearing a ballerina outfit.
someone in the city is pulling their suitcase.
a man looks nervous
an elderly man waiting for elderly woman as his companion
warm up for football game.
a man in blue overalls is pleasing the crowd with his stunts.
a woman doing stunts on a trampoline for a movie
a woman is about to embark on a dangerous stunt involving a bicycle and bungee cords.
a girl about to do some coloring
there is a man watching a women at the beach
lots of people play in the water at the beach.
an umpire is riding a bus.
the guys are at the park.
a dog napping on a couch.
a woman is holding a rooster.
after a day of sightseeing, a boy and his mother enjoy their time on a trampoline on brighton pier.
a woman opens a box
two people wearing red are standing outside of a beautiful oriental building.
the dog is swimming through the ocean, trying to get the stick his owner threw in
two parents talk to their child
two men, a woman, and two young boys stand in front of a large gathering of people outside a building.
a famous celebrity surrounded by adoring fans asking for autographs.
the man is tending to the reindeer.
the man plays a musical instrument.
two women walk across a wet pavement.
a man sitting on a subway looking at the camera.
woman in a pink shirt and wearing a pink hat in front of table with food on it.
a woman is looking at fabric in a store.
a medical professional is making a diagnosis.
the lanky man is wearing a yellow hat.
there is a dog sitting in a room.
the tractor is driving down main street.
the women sit at home watching tv.
a man watches a doctor perform heart surgery.
the two boys are playin by the small stage
the boardwalk is very brightly lit by restaurant signs at night.
people walking on the beach.
a mother rocking her daughter to sleep in her bedroom.
women dressed nicely are talking
a toddler is building a death ray.
the man tries to catch his wife.
girl wearing nothing
a man is working on his computer at home.
a vehicle is racing on a track.
a woman in a blue-green shirt is reading from loose-leaf sheets of paper next to two other people.
a group of people watching a video.
three children are in a house.
the girls are riding a motorcycle.
the mailbox is open
people are at a snowy yard sale looking for great deals.
a busy city scene during the rain.
the elderly woman is upset at the elderly man.
the women are practicing mime.
a race car is driving in a perfect line down the road.
the dogs are purple and red.
two girls play tag in the woods.
a family is having a picnic and it starts raining.
people sit on the pier at the edge of the water.
a woman in a gray top has her reflection caught in the bathroom mirror.
a red boat moves on the water.
the man in the gray t-shirt is jumping.
two tan dogs, one larger than the other, interact in a grassy yard enclosed by a wooded fence.
the beagle enjoys playing a game of fetch.
young girl in black pant and a white shirt stands in front of water performing a swan like ballerina movement.
a man in a vest is playing an electric guitar in front of a supermarket.
the squirrel is cold, and jumps to stay warm.
two women talk with a man wearing a leather jacket
the contruction workers are getting wet.
a doctor taking a patients blood pressure.
a man is at the olympics, throwing the javelin for his country
the women are skateboarding down a busy street.
the man is repairing the child's skateboard in their garage.
there are tents in the background
people in costumes warming up in front of a fire.
the woman is looking at a baby.
the woman is sitting by the pool.
the yellow and green team played soccer
a worker writes a note by hand.
there is a group of children playing on the swings.
a man is doing something to a bike.
a couple of animals playing outside
a little asian boy has on a green shirt, while holding a small green shovel.
a man sits enjoying the weather, as shoppers stroll by with groceries.
several people in colorful clothing are working in a garment facility with a quantity of red fabric on tables.
the girls like to show off.
two gentlemen in green scrubs are talking to a third man on the street in front of an eatery.
a man with a dress and baseball bat is hitting people.
four boys doing a cannonball jump in unison into the pool.
a girl and boy are playing with buckets of water in the garden overlooking a lake.
a mechanic reading a book.
a woman looking out a window
a cowboy is getting jerked around
a man making food for two customers.
the pigeons are on the ground.
a man in a white shirt and a tie is speaking to people.
three musicians perform on their guitars while singing.
a lot of people walking through a narrow city street.
several people are sitting on a low wall in the middle of a grass field.
two men and a woman are building a fort in the backyard.
this is the boys first time on a tricycle.
a lady is having lunch at a restaurant.
man eats pizza
an athlete is making progress to the finish line.
the baby is riding a sled behind its mother.
a man climbs through trees like a monkey.
man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
two players from the same team are fighting each other on the ground.
a young boy is playing in a small wading pool.
a child putting together a puzzle.
man riding a bicycle with a basket
the infant is asleep.
the dog is not on the grass
two men cleaning a parking lot after a wild party
a boy in glasses is happy.
the children leaped into a pile of leaves.
a couple of guys are doing something together.
two women, one in blue and one in red speed skating on a basketball court.
a cute little brown dog with a curly tail stands in the shade
people are at a restaurant.
a fisherman looks for trout on his boat in a lake.
the women are white
two men and a woman playing a happy game of spin the bottle.
several woman walking down the street dressed in pink and other assorted people.
a dog lands on his feet after jumping over a net.
a woman sitting against a brick wall inside a building.
a family sits down in the living room
the man is playing piano
one person is riding alone.
a busy urban scene with a circular fountain.
a man takes a jog down the sidewalk to buy something
the man is wearing a cap and holding onto a sign.
a man wearing a blue shirt, standing on a ladder; painting a building.
a young man, wearing a red shirt and black pants, is challenging travelers to a dance-off in a terminal station.
the group of people seem to be happy.
there are works of art around the professionals.
kids are participating in a 100 meter dash.
the parents attempt to eat while taking care of their baby at the resturant.
a young girl is painting.
the young person has a backpack and is walking.
a diver taking a photo of himself with one other diver posing in the background.
two people on a vacation are taking pictures.
men wearing safety vests ride a life raft.
the man in the sweatshirt is eating donuts.
commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game.
woman holding newborn baby.
a man is resting on a couch reading a book.
a conductor and child stand in a train.
an old woman prepares food with a rolling pin.
the gentleman is enjoying nice weather.
father and son are making a sand castle.
a man with a beard stands in front of a mast.
a man is on top of rock looking at a city.
the man is sitting on the couch inside his house.
a group of people are riding a tour bus in a city.
a dog running in the woods.
a u.s. military marching band marches down a street as part of a parade.
there is a slide.
two young people are in a field holding hands.
a girl and her mom are wearing matching outfits.
the machine the woman is working on is new.
the men are professional singers.
there aren't any trees for miles, just two children and an old tire.
the woman play with her baby toys
the men are drinking wine instead of beer.
the man has something to tell the woman.
a girl in a blue bikini is wearing a cardboard sign around her neck.
the women are walking in the rain.
a slim human singing
men with blue painted face are performing outside at night in front of a big fire.
a girl running across the park
a blond-haired toddler is holding a soft red and yellow soccer ball.
a hockey player in uniform is sitting on a hockey court.
a man in a red jacket sitting on a red disk in the snow.
the girl is sitting on the shore of the lake.
the soccer players are on the ground outside
the lady is seductively posed.
a group of people are playing a game of cards from the perspective of one of the players.
a man is wearing pants.
a little girl is wearing red goggles, a red shirt and blue skirt.
people are waiting for a concert.
three kids squat down and look at the ground on the shore of a lake.
a man wearing a white helmet sits on his motorcycle.
a man looking at his next door neighbor.
a group of people wearing orange and black play various types of drums as others watch.
a man chases his son through the yard.
the goose is flying out of the water.
dogs talking to each other
a boy just got done playing baseball.
the woman is alone working in the garden.
cats are fighting.
cyclists are jogging.
a crane knocks down a building.
two people ride together on a black motorcycle.
the women are hitting the volleyball across the net
lots of people are dancing and having a good time.
children play in the snow
school lets out.
a tteen waring colored clothes on top of a fireplug
there are police officers working.
the man is playing the tuba at home.
a modern dressed lady watches race preparation.
the man and woman are jogging down a trail.
people are playing offense and defense in basketball.
the baby is asleep in his crib.
women are walking
a dog is running to get the ball.
the man is entertaining children.
the man is shaping wood with a small knife.
the girl is painting
musicians are performing in the rain.
men drink outside.
nobody is constructing.
the man is a crook
three girls walk on the rocks near the water.
a blond woman on a playing field holds her polo stick at the ready.
a penguin has just sunk a complicated golf shot in the pga tour.
a dog is playing in a pool.
a man is getting into a van.
it is sunny at the lake.
one asian cook is teaching the other cook how to make a special dish for their customers.
a barber wearing his white coat trims the beard of his customer wearing the red apron.
the woman is chasing after her son.
the players are tennis players
a brown dog and pink doll sitting on a bed.
the quarterback threw a touchdown.
a dog eats a treat.
a man is wearing a tshirt
a woman in a white shirt stands behind a counter, in the kitchen of an empty restaurant with brick walls.
a girl wearing a spiderman costume is playing on the play ground.
a child wearing a red jacket is sitting on the man's shoulders.
the man is fishing in a creek.
a swimmer from germany is sitting near the edge of the pool.
the boys are in a gym.
a person in a large black jacket is squatting.
a dark-haired woman sews a camouflage colored garment on a sidewalk, in front of a graffiti-covered fence.
this african-american man is talking on the phone.
they are kicking a ball.
a group of students are watching the surrounding.
a surfer in blue rides a wave.
2 people are on the path.
the worker is assessing the job site after a tree has been damaged and broken.
puppy lying on the floor asleep
a man as lit a cigarette and is breathing in harmful chemicals.
a family in the sand
a man is standing by a train.
a boy surrounded by people who seem to swirl around him.
a person is standing outside over water.
a woman with a backpack is standing next to a bicycle.
a man in black shorts is walking outside.
a man records himself.
the man is wearing a blue fedora.
the crowd enjoys the drumming.
football players teams on a field in action.
a lady in a red dress and a guy in a pinstriped suit (but with no jacket) are dancing the tango in a courtyard with an amplifier plugged into a wall.
the people are driving
a group of kids splashing in a pool.
a cat is running in the yard.
a man sitting on a chair in the middle of a group.
two monks walk down the stairs.
a beauty pageant contestant is trying to win the pageant.
a street area
the woman and child are at burger king
fruit on display at a store.
a structure is ablaze.
a child enjoys her birthday with her friends.
two children near a frozen lake.
a boat is on the street.
a young indian woman takes part in a dance
a female with a bikini stands in front of a building.
a young boy picks up a paintbrush and grins.
two men with rowing in water
a scruffy looking man smoking while sitting on the sidewalk and holding a guitar next to a bike of some sort.
3 dogs are approaching the group.
skiiers prepare to zoom down the mountain.
two men are near some food.
a woman is passing a man.
a man with his hands raised among other people.
observers stare at a giant christmas tree on the sidewalk.
a guitar player sits not playing with a guitar by some people who wait to hear music.
four persons are using the musical instruments.
two boys play with a fire engine toy
two people on a street, one person looking down.
an older man doesn't give verbal instruction
the group of musicians are performing a concert.
a car gets ticketed for a parking violation.
some people are fishing from a boat.
pedestrians walking on the road to their school
the 2 people are talking about their future while relaxing on the tree swings.
a crowded outdoor food market.
a man in a yellow shirt is laying on the sidewalk.
three people hiking up a mountain in a blizzard.
the girl is at the playground
two men are using their laptops.
a man is sitting on a bench along the sidewalk that has beautiful green grass and landscaping around it.
two girls look through a window
womans first day as fire fighter
the practice player is the female batter teammate.
an adult female with a sleeping infant.
a dog bites an arm.
two men attend a costume party.
small children are getting off a school bus.
several people stood near a table.
the girl in the white is dribbling the ball while the girl in black plays defense during a girls basketball game.
a sad boy with a black shirt is skateboarding in a park with graffiti.
three dogs run on wide, grassy, outdoor area.
a lady entertaining a audience.
the group of people are inside the same room.
people are sitting in a circle and talking to each other.
the dog walking through the snow is licking his nose.
football players are partying.
a girl splashing in the water
the weather was rainy.
a man is riding a red and black bike.
one man is playing the drums while another is singing karaoke.
beach patrol guards are sleeping outside at night.
the woman is in a dress holding a dog.
football team holding practice, player catches a ball.
woman outside in a bright red sweater.
a cop is taking a nap with a half eaten hamburger on his chest.
a man is going to get the pole.
a group of people dancing with onlookers near a railing.
two hippies smoke weed
a woman in a hut cooking looking outside.
a construction worker is building part of a sewer pipeline.
a young man and young lady both in purple and wearing yellow berets.
a woman mounts a ladder to paint the ceiling.
a young woman vibrantly frolicking on the coast in san francisco.
a ballerina is doing a grande pa de chat.
athletes diving into a pool.
there was an acrobat doing a trick.
a damaged looking comcast billboard that contains a cartoon lion.
dogs are on the beach moving.
the older couple prepare to drive the covered wagon in the annual parade.
the boy is looking for his little sister who is coming home from school.
two east indian women wearing traditional garb are dancing on stage.
the biker left a cloud of dust while wearing his white suit with his green pants.
the woman is looking at apples.
teenagers smoke cigarettes in a field.
there are cars on the road.
animals are playing with a ball.
there is an apron.
the ice cream man makes smoothies
the women has eggplant
a group standing inside a bar.
two people are being pulled by dogs on a sled through the park.
some persons at the puddle.
humans in hats.
a circle of kids are gathered.
this wine is very tasty
a man wearing a hat trimming a plant.
two women are hiking in the mountains.
citizens attend a hearing at court.
the spectators are cold because the bleachers are made of aluminum.
children are playing outside during winter.
a boy steals a football from other boys
someone is getting aressted for dui
a tall balding person
a man singing at a party
a man in tan pants and a blue shirt is staking on a public trashcan.
one of the bears has fur sticking up.
a group of men are playing a board game.
a little boy is riding a bike.
a bride looking at a bouquet of flowers.
the two girls are eating and taking photos.
a couple is walking their dog
a man in a uniform stands in a crowd.
a male has an audience for his trick
a dog watches another dog jump up to catch a frisbee at a park
the girl is laying on the floor.
many students are dancing under a disco ball.
a person fouled the next while blocking the ball.
some huge people walking
many people are enjoying themselves.
a person is enjoying the warm humid fragrance of lavender.
baseball players walking on the field
the woman is wearing an all black shirt.
a person skis poorly.
someone stands next to a parachute.
a little boy climbing up the steps to a bridge on a playground.
two men, sponsored by red bull, are celebrating with large bottles.
a group of people hanging out outside.
the man is a surger.
twenty men argue while they lift the heavy pallet of supplies.
the man is sitting on a couch.
the guy wearing the black shirt and sweater was looking down
he is selling candles at his stand
the women are at a market
a girl looks out past a railing
a samurai is going to do a nun-chuck demonstration.
there is construction going on in the scene.
people standing outside the glass door are wearing odd outfits.
many people are wearing the same colors.
two dogs are about to fight outside.
the band played underneath the canopy during the wedding.
two women, one blond and one brunette, talking.
overhead view of pedestrians walking down street filled with vendors and umbrella-ed carts.
two girls and one man are selling food which was made on a grill by the side of their car on an empty parking lot.
a man poses with his hands in different positions.
man in float in the water.
two ladies are eating dinner
two men are talking to an older lady they met at the bar.
a man has a newspaper
the man is on the bike
people are bobbing their head's listening to music.
the person tries to hit two ping pong balls at the same time with a canoe paddle.
a soaked old man is disappointed after accidentally tripping into a puddle.
a girl is enjoying a smoke outside.
the room is dusty.
the children in the pool have baseball bats as arms
a child is unwrapping a new toy at chritmas.
black big dog is trying to chew into soft toy.
the female is having fun
some humans looking
many are confused.
a woman reads a paper while two people stand next to her in front of a group.
a man is holding a strainer with a strange sauce in the kitchen.
the man jumps the bike.
a man in army dress shows a picture from a book.
peopel are at the lake
a black dog is about to sit down in a white carpeted room.
a man wearing a red coat is running a race.
the three young men are outside.
a man with a bare bald head is standing outside.
three women standing together talk with each other.
a dog moves upward.
a man preparing his net for fishing.
a woman is playing a guitar and singing.
a brown dog is jumping in the air whilst trying to catch a purple frisbee.
a woman is losing in a competition.
a woman is taking an important call on her cell phone as she walks down the street.
hamburgers are on the grill.
three men are standing in a crowd talking.
a man and a woman indoors.
the kids are enjoying playing hide and seek
a couple of children that are outside, trying on civil war era outfits.
an employee makes coffee at a coffee shop.
the man is looking for a place to rob.
a small child wearing steamed goggles, leans against a green floating device while resting in water.
a kid waiting at the door for his dad to return from his trip to get smokes 3 years ago.
a man and a woman are playing frisbee.
two men are going for a swim.
two children are sitting on a foutain.
the white man jogged slowly by.
the men are doing tricks on the motorcycles.
a man with a mo-hawk haircut, wearing a t-shirt that says "detroit rocks" is using dj equipment while two girls are behind him smiling.
a woman is buying things for a dinner party.
the woman was in the way
a boy runs alone on a track.
a dog is rolling in horse manure.
a group of boys are in the street.
a woman in a pink shirt walking past a red traffic light.
a boy in a white shirt is making a face while the his peer and him are working on schoolwork.
four women covered in tattoos are holding small flags.
three teenagers standing around a building.
a woman sunbathing on the roof of a building in a black bathing suit, with other buildings in the distance.
a man is swimming with his cat.
the young boy and 2 women are relatives.
the two men are laying on the ground.
there are some people playing a game.
a group of indian men demonstrate the act of sleeping to 3 school children, a young boy, and two young girls.
a boy is playing with a toy boat in dirty water.
there is a lady in a dress walking across a busy street beside of a taxi.
two young men throw a green object back and forth.
a biker with long blond-hair eating an ice cream cone.
a man wearing a jersey is walking down a street.
multiple children are with books
the yankees' third baseman starts to drop the bat before running to first base.
the army soldiers are talking.
a girl is not wearing sandals.
the guy doing a wheelie down the street on his quad catches the attention of the group.
a woman in blue shirt laughing.
a man in a suit is having his shoes shined.
an asian woman eating rice in front of a yellow building.
a group of women are dressed.
the alley is closed.
athletes playing in the mud.
a woman in what appears to be traditional garments is performing a dance.
women hold on to safety bars on a crowded bus.
a man cleans a bicycle to prepare it for sale.
a female swimmer is receiving a consolatory hug from a coach.
the bench is made of oak.
a child uses makeup on another child and there is a third child nearby.
breakdancer at party spins on his head on the dancefloor
a angry crowd beyhind a barricade shouts at a passing car.
there are two hockey players.
the kids are climbing a mountain.
a body modifier enjoys a beer while relaxing on a nice sunny day.
2 girls in tank tops and sunglasses enjoying the beautiful day.
some people are waiting at the subway station.
a woman holding flowers at the wedding.
there are five chefs in the kitchen.
a woman with her head uncovered sits on the floor
the baby is outdoors.
the baby is sleeping.
the man is at a club taking pictures.
the men are attending a ceremony.
the water absorbs all light and reflects none.
a man in a white suit on a bench recreates a scene from the movie "forrest gump".
a motorcyclist navigates down a trail looking for his dog.
the old lady shuffles down the hall with her walker.
four females, one of which is a child wearing a mask in a pink shirt.
the man is cutting things with his saw.
girl at the starting line of a race at school
a couple checks on the mirror.
a woman is enjoying a conversation.
there are people looking at an animal.
the boy is holding the remote in his shorts.
a man sits in a train window.
the man is crouching
young girl standing on beach
people walk the dark city street.
a female is taking a test in school.
a snowmobile going down a hill
the men like childrens shows.
a man in a white shirt sitting with a woman in a blue blouse.
a woman and a puppy are in bed watching tv
the boy is posing for a picture.
a couple is posing for prom pictures on the stairs.
the man is a hippie
an elderly man sits on a ledge with both of his shoes off.
a baby is by the beach
girl with brown hair in a blue shirt and blue and white skirt holding on to a shopping cart in a store.
a puppy is leaping off of a staircase.
a girl is throwing a softball.
a bunch of people have their hands in their pockets.
people escape from the fire.
the female was playing a game with friends
a man is juggling fire sticks.
people are moving down the street.
a group of smiling people sit around a man with a guitar.
a woman is sleeping in her bed.
the boy in green is in a crowd.
the group was wearing jeans and shirts while bending over the wood.
the men are sneezing.
a man in a black shirt protesting the law requiring men to wear shirts.
a puppy trying to catch a frisbee.
woman wearing a grass skirt.
another stands by.
two men are eating inside.
the man is in a cubicle.
an older man in a blue shirt is spooning a substance onto objects while a woman is wearing a blue shirt in the background.
the man is a christian.
a woman in a pantsuit stands outside without an umbrella.
a little girl looking through a newspaper.
a couple is inside watching tv.
a man sitting on a stool is selling plastic housewares.
a human dives.
a man is observing people at a dinner party.
machine climbs hill.
a child in a red parka slides down a snowy hill.
men is playing rouhly wiht the baby.
there are a bunch of pigeons walking on the ground.
5 children, 2 boys and 3 girls, share food while sitting outside of a building.
the people are dancing on their rollerskates.
people are surrounded by trees.
the woman was alone.
an older man on a bench taking notes on his surroundings.
a snowboarder is snowboarding down a ramp.
a pair of twins in a playful fight.
the kids are running through the park.
two dirt bike rides during a competition.
a dirt trail being used by a man in a safety vest and bike helmet riding a scooter and a woman wearing a bike helmet on a red bike.
the blond girl is outside.
two older men are riding horses
a woman cooking in the kitchen.
they are swimming
a girl makes a face and wears a shirt
a man in green is skateboarding.
a japanese athlete takes out his gun during a competition.
a woman is sunbathing on the beach to enjoy the sun.
the man is good at surfing.
a group of young people celebrating under a very large red tent.
a man and a woman are on the street with a child in a stroller.
a man is inside a barber shop.
a football player in navy blue takes the snap as a play unfolds.
a man who appears to be a construction worker smiling at someone.
4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal
a man is pointing to a chalk drawing on the sidewalk.
steve o from jackass fell off the bull.
three men sitting on rocks outside
a man wearing a vest and pants walks across stage at a concert.
a woman sits in a caged in area with a cat and two bunnies.
a dancer is dancing in provocative blue clothing in the streets.
a man cuts firewood for the winter.
two guys are playing baseball at night.
a man is sitting on a bench
a man rides a bucking horse in a rodeo.
a group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain.
he is on top of mt. everest
 boy walking along a ledge.
four men are hanging out in front of a building.
a dog is chasing a multicolored ball
two older women in bathing suits are intrigued by a man walking down the stairs with a white parachute over his head.
men are camping.
a rock and roll disturbed the public.
a skateboarder wearing black jeans, white t-shirt and red ball cap coming off the lip of a ramp and suspended in the air.
there are pine trees.
the players are in the bar playing pool.
the boy on the curb was sad.
people gathering near the front of a house with a wall that has a picture of a man riding a horse.
three woman walk, in their hijab, alone in an area of muslim denomination.
a city worker lays down in the middle of the street
a masked man in a halloween mask looks on at a woman.
the woman with orange hair is walking down the street.
a man and a girl are sitting together.
two man in the army with a small boy from the area.
a small black and brown cat.
two men sitting on a bench where one has his head in his lap and a large yellow bag next to him.
a construction worker overseeing someone digging with a machine.
a little girl wearing pink is blowing bubbles with her eyes closed, outdoors.
a man is kissing a woman.
field hockey finals played by girls in uniform.
people sliding down a hill on a sled.
two little children with cameras are with a woman in bright clothing.
the bears are outside.
the child is lost.
a father is holding is little girl.
the man enjoys tanning by the side of the pool.
the teenager is facing towards the mountain backdrop.
the duck is in the playpen.
a little boy enjoys his brand new toy car.
a man hangs up his cellphone and continues on.
a mother and child wait for the rest of their party outside a restaurant.
the hallway is luxurious.
a golfer is rubbing his eyes from the sun.
a girl with blue nail polish, is in a workshop or garage among a variety of tools and objects and is pouring a clear liquid from a large, clear pitcher into a green, two-liter soda bottle.
the people are outside riding their bicycles.
people are walking on a sidewalk in front of a restaurant.
tony hawk does tricks on a ramp while people look on.
a group of people dressed well, outside of 2 cars
a car parked with its wheels facing right.
two kids will play together.
a man taking a picture while surrounded by people
the women are eating hot dogs
woman sits with her st. bernard in the park on a sunny afternoon.
a woman wearing a shirt that has risen up from the waist of her jeans.
two young men are checking out at a grocery store.
a young boy tried to lift a heavy pumpkin in a pumpkin field.
the dog is a professional race dog.
two people waiting for friends to join them at a restaurant.
a older bald man waves a sign furiously at bored looking on goers.
some people are standing, some walking, and one riding a bike, in a paved alleyway.
the children are at the playground.
two boys are holding hands.
a woman in a hat is a salesperson.
asian woman walking across a crosswalk in the street.
a large white bird flying over water.
a woman in ethnic dress dances.
people are buying items
five women and one man are wearing multicolored skirts dancing under a grooved structure.
friends are going to a seafood restaurant.
the woman is on the beach by herself.
a man poses for a picture.
there is dirt on the ground.
the man has a shovel.
a group of people are at the circus.
a man and boy playing a game of chess.
the woman on the phone is talking to her grandmother.
fall shoppers and bistro food lovers caught in the ebb and flow of the city.
the boys are 10 years old
a dog escapes from his sled pulling job.
the man and women are standing
a group of people are enjoying their time around a campfire.
a little girl is chopping down a tree
young adults are proud of cleaning up.
some people burning down a restaurant.
the landmark is invisible.
a chef in a red apron and white hat is carving meat from a spit.
a  person is sking downhill.
two children are falling asleep.
the cars are racing for a trophy.
a race car blows smoke while it drives.
the group of children are at school.
the bicyclists are racing
a child on a rock formation.
2 siblings brushing hair
a lineman fixes a telephone line while singing.
a man and a woman pose near their christmas tree.
two sports players tussle to catch the frisbee
the children are hiking all alone.
a girl is in a bowling alley.
a group performs in front of a crowd.
the girl is reading in her bed.
a man is taking a picture of his waiter delivering food so he can post it to his social media account.
a maid is wearing a black uniform and mopping the floor of a palace.
the girl is sitting on a chair.
a homeless man is sleeping on a box.
a group of people are canoeing.
the two hockey players are nervous with the game on the line.
a waitress in a mexican style restaurant is serving a group of people at one of her tables.
the man is a billionaire.
the family of six is taking pictures for a christmas card.
a group of men in a sitting area are ignoring one another.
the couple is enjoying the weather.
a man in a brown shirts standing underneath the sign for a clothing store.
two people are running outside.
tour guide showing a monument.
a man is outside of a church.
a woman is in the woods
the sun is rising near the campfire.
many people attending a seminar.
a man is at the circus.
kids are engaged with one another.
a white man works with some large machinery indoors
the children are under 7 feet tall each.
the man is wearing a cap
the women are on a spiritual retreat together.
two women are drinking coffee at a caf.
a woman walking her children through the park.
jimi hendrix is asleep on his tour bus.
a dog at a farm
the white dog is running outdoors.
young boys are chasing after a soccer ball.
the boy is hanging from the wall while a picture is being taken.
a man in a cast uses a camcorder while another man watches him.
crowd of people at the club mostly dressed in black.
a brown and black puppy stands by a camera.
a man is bent over.
the man is playing his keyboard in the snow.
the man is running around a track
the woman driving down the road.
a man is setting himself on fire.
a man is climbing an ice mountain.
the dolphins are doing a show for the visitors.
a gentleman is inside.
a man is holding a large, water-spraying hose while another man watches.
a clown is doing a flip
my grandpa is wearing his giants hat while he watches ants.
two people sit on folding chairs while a third stands, on a lawn near a grill.
a few people stranded overlook the water
many people are standing around outside.
a man is walking down a sidewalk under a "lounge bar" sign.
a man blocks a goal during a soccer game as other kids stand in the background.
a person in black prepares to battle a dragon with their mighty longsword
a bunch of people are at the beach.
the boy is trying to eat like a hamster and has a pile of spaghetti in his cheecks.
the women is cleaning the house with her broom.
an individual stands on one leg.
the camp leader sits at his desk.
the little girl and boy are entertained as the crowd watches.
there are men wearing tutus.
teen athletes are resting on a bench after their run.
a man wearing pink, purple, and yellow pants is walking his dog.
a woman is navigating a busy city street.
a dog takes a nap on the porch.
two men travel down the river in a boat.
the man is an alien who just landed on this planet.
a kid is sitting in front of a newly built building.
the young girl is wearing a bikini.
an indian man is wearing a red shirt and jeans and is scaling a rock wall with a blue harness on.
a young boy wearing a red shirt and tan pants mops the area around his washer and dryer.
men are singing.
the girl rode her bike.
the people are painting a room
a man is experimenting.
a male in a white shirt and dark shorts is outside playing basketball.
there is a woman in a kitchen.
the fox and bear have brown fur
man makes vulgar gesture to the camera while the others around him eat.
a dog jumping upside down in front of a man.
a man has his face covered by a mask.
there are male acrobats waiting.
a man is walking around in a desert where it's about to rain.
the players are playing ultimate frisbee.
a woman's car has broken down.
girls in swimsuits, holding hands and leaping into water.
a man plays a horn while a woman plays piano in the background.
three people stand in front of a vending machine
a race car is between hy barriers near the start arch.
a girl is amused as she gets up unhurt from a fall off of her bike.
a person canoeing through river rapids in a blue canoe.
young girl leaps over a large ladder.
the ensemble is sitting in the audience.
the man is rappeling for the first time.
the pet is going for a ride in the car.
the woman is on her lunch break taking a nap.
the group is inside.
people hike up the hill to the summit.
two women sit silently on a bus.
people are very busy
a man in uniform is cracking an egg into a large, metal bowl while inside of a large tent.
there are eight children in school uniforms standing in the doorway of a building speaking with an older woman.
a student practicing fencing
a group of people are inside of a cafe.
a butcher is getting an order for a customer.
two brown dogs rough house outside.
there is a small kid sitting on the couch.
a woman wearing a red tank top is lifting two dumbbells at the gym.
the dog has on a collar.
a brothers teaches his younger sibling how to skate.
here is a man with a mustache and glasses and working on a bicycle wheel.
a man inspecting meat in a kitchen
the women are throwing flowers at each other.
there is a man on a bicycle.
a man is standing on a skateboard.
a very young child is scribbling with crayons.
the people are digging.
a woman rides a scooter
 two friends ride a blue motorbike to the market down the street in kyoto.
an older woman and two kids are working on an arts& crafts project.
a child with face paint.
a man is riding a carousel with his child.
a man in a baseball cap holding a guitar with a woman in gray in the foreground.
a man in white lounges by the sea, talking to firemen.
a woman and a child kneeling before an alter with a man sitting in a chair nearby.
the women are waiting for the train
a man in a white trench coat with a bag trying to make a phone call on a pay phone.
a baby is holding a game controller.
she just had a boob job and is showing them off
a person checks out equipment to make sure its working properly.
two guys are sitting together.
a man helping a boy ride a bicycle.
a woman's dog is being trained to search for signs of early cancer warnings.
the man is acting out a scene from a book for the children.
he is walking through his house.
a woman stands in front of a slide show and gives a lecture.
the bottle is being held by a woman in a tank top.
five men are sitting down and holding hands.
they are at school watching a football game
a young boy wearing goggles, a vest, and arm floaties is swimming in a pool.
a lady wearing a black hoodie is standing near an old rusty truck
the dog is chasing the tennis balls.
a man is watching something in the sky.
people making out
there is a net between the women playing volleyball.
the man is talking to the children.
a boy is kicking a ball while adults look on.
people are sitting on a bench in front a body of water in the summertime.
the boy is wearing pants
the little boy went to school.
women with red-hair and white and black shirt with an o face.
three women in the foreground and one man in the background lay fully-clothed in the shells and rocks of a beach.
a boy studies at home
a pair of boys in a swimming pool are wearing swim caps.
a woman is waiting on her date for the formal.
a group of asian men and women take a picture.
there are several groups of white people speaking.
a baby, in a safety seat, takes a bath and is surrounded by toys.
a man with a crewcut hula hooping.
the woman is making a cake
two men stand in front of a restaurant.
three men are playing cricket wearing white pants and shirts, where one man is bowling, another is trying to hit the ball and third man is behind the man with a bat trying to stump him.
the player is throwing the football.
a dog with a reflective garmet running down a rural road
the bicyclists were riding through the colorful vendor's corner.
people are sitting together around some stairs.
everyone is using tablets to work.
the man is waiting for a job interview
two women stand in the shop.
a pair of dogs are playing poker
a group of children standing in a lake in shoulder high water while one boy is balancing on the shoulders of two other boys.
a boy in his boxers strikes a powerful pose.
a father and daughter holding a young tree upright, ready to be planted, as the son stands to their side wielding a shovel.
a baby is playing with his stuffed animals.
the boy in the orange shirt looks backwards.
a dancer is sleeping in a field.
a famous poet sells his work at an outdoor event.
the surfers have fallen off of their surfboards while surfing the waves.
two large dogs playfight over a toy at the local dog park.
the boy is throwing a frisbee for the dog.
two people on bikes were going too fast.
a male is at a hidden skate park with his friends.
the child is running in the park.
he is working on a doghouse.
a man is smoking something.
three girls do back flips and cartwheels in the surf.
a woman sells vegetables to get by.
two people are standing on the street entering a taxi cab
the mountain was large and dangerous.
a person is biking in a national park.
a dog playing fetch with a yellow ball at the beach.
some children are sitting at their desks at school.
two children are standing against a brick wall in the sunlight.
the hikers are walking outside.
a man is getting ready for halloween.
a young boy, in a white jersey, has kicked a green and white soccer ball.
a group of swimmers getting ready to dive in a pool.
a woman is sitting
a girl is getting help.
a worker in a yellow hard hat peeking from underground.
young boys standing outside around a fire waiting for their food to arrive.
people are shopping inside a supermarket indoors.
woman in hat carousing on the street with shopping bag in tow.
a girl is surfing towards the beach on an inflatable shark.
a man in a green shirt shows a woman his paychecks on a clipboard.
two men rest on the top of a mountain.
the man is holding a wooden bat.
a boy is playing in the water without his mom.
a mime applying his makeup.
a little boy takes off all his clothes.
a couple of people dancing the rumba.
people run through the store
a skateboarder is being filmed for a video
a baby is looking at a leafy branch.
a plethora of people are sitting by that yellow building.
there are people in running clothes
two men are playing a game outside.
peter pan was 87.
people auditioning on a stage dancing.
a person is writing.
the car is stopped at a red light.
the young man in a jersey is on the ultimate frisbee team.
a man with a shirt is riding a motorcycle.
woman talk to each other outside while one of them hangs clothes up to dry.
clean shaven men work out at the gym.
the woman is getting her makeup done for a funeral.
a boy and a girl have a staring contest while waiting for the train
a woman standing on a surfboard heads away from shore while going over a wave near a small boat.
a painter is crouched on the floor painting trim.
a woman is texting on her phone.
a girl in a red and black striped shirt sits on a brick wall in front of a tropical plant.
a worker wearing safety equipment including a life vest and hard hat is working on some big machine near water.
none of the men are wearing lab coats.
a woman smiles
a black and white man having a racial conflict.
the woman applauds from her table.
the man is participating in a drill.
a train is on display.
a man talks on a phone on next to a building.
cars in a parking lot
woman in convertible
the little boy is playing cops and robbers.
child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti, balloons.
a man inside an elevator.
a man watches
a human holding a baby
people are climbing the staircase to the roof.
a man approaches a blue and green building.
a surgeon is being helped by several other surgeons.
a man on stage shows his cue card to his friend.
two musicians prepare for a concert.
a group of people display ribbons won by their dogs.
the students are all sitting quietly.
two children are sitting inside a building.
an asian man is in a karaoke bar.
a man in a vest works outside.
a child is turning the handle on an egg-beater.
some men are inside
a book on his bike
two women carrying bags full of groceries.
two ladies sit down for coffee
a woman in red sitting waiting to have her fortune told at a fortune tellers.
two women are in a car.
people are tired.
nobody is hitting
a woman is trying to collect water.
older man with large white beard and sunglasses fills plastic bags.
a boy in a blue print shirt is holding a can.
the worker is wearing red.
a man with a buzz cut walks on a football field.
a group stands on a football field for a picture.
the man is skiing with red jacket
the men are in their twenties.
a boy is standing on the seat of a playground swing.
soccer teams are standing on a green pitch and are surrounded by a large stadium.
a dog paddles in the swimming pool.
just a cat.
woman with stuffed animal display.
a man is wearing a greet coat with a blue flag in his hand.
the women wear bright clothes.
the family is partying.
there are no men in the photograph.
this young man has no peircings or accesories.
women sitting eating lunch.
an old man playing the violin is being watched by a child.
the man is smoking a cigarette in his own home.
a plane flying over a field.
a woman is talking to a man on a bike.
a man is running by a pole with a no pets sign.
the people are dining in a restaurant.
the two kids are posing for a picture during their vacation.
football players are getting wet.
a man and his dog are waiting for his kids to come out of the building
two men are at home, fast asleep.
the men are cooking on the grill.
turtles are sunning themselves on a log.
the girls are having dinner.
a brunette woman in a robin's egg blue apron is milking a brown animal.
a man and a baby sitting on a blanket on the lawn.
next to a police car a girl playing.
two men are wearing uniforms.
there is a little boy in this picture.
a punk plays violin.
announcements are all over the street post.
a man is sharpening his knife to skin a rabbit.
a man is walk in the park.
they are on stage.
a man in his house is cleaning his weapon.
a dog playing with a kickball out in the yard.
a bus with passengers, one of them wearing a yellow backpack.
the water is filled with raw sewage.
a man in a taxi waiting to go.
the two men are butchers and have popular high quality beef.
a daredevil attempts to scale a large boulder.
there are more than two people waiting.
a man with a hat and goggles is standing by a car that has just been dug out of the snow.
people are waiting.
a boy is wearing jeans and jumping.
a crowd of people watch as a remax hot air balloon gets ready to take off.
people inside and outside of booths at an event.
child jumping in front of some nice wall art on a nice day.
the man is in a kitchen.
a person wearing purple walking down a street.
the men are playing an arcade game.
a cat and a ball of string
a person is riding an atv up and down the dunes performing tricks.
guy sitting outdoors at house
the field has flowers.
two workers are baking a cake.
a woman is soldering a piece of metal as a man watches.
people enjoying the immediate outdoors.
a couple and their young son watch the sunset on a beach
the woman is riding a skateboard
2 women sit across from one another in a hospital waiting room
young child wearing a dirty shirt and sitting by a run down wooden structure.
the dog is covered in snow.
a married couple celebrating an anniversary.
a girl is playing rugby.
a jug is jumping up it is being squirted with a jet of water.
some kids are playing in a living room.
the young boy is naked.
a clown playing with children in the street using a hula hoop.
a man is standing near wood and electrical cords.
a baseball player is walking across the field.
a family eating at the dining room table.
the three girls look at the ocean while dressed the same.
three people put up a batting cage.
man dressed in white playing sports.
a man practices martial arts.
the young boy is waiting for the train.
fans were enthusiastic by rock and roll.
various people sit on strips of grass that punctuate a cement tiered landscape.
two cats play next to the water.
the boy is trying out for the baseball team
a boy is being quiet
the woman is nude in her shop
two people playing baseball while other team watch from sideline.
six people laugh and sing on a cruise ship.
a gorilla ripping a man in half
a businessman is taking a break
a climber is climbing on an artificial climbing wall
the little girl is wearing a denim dress and holding a brown teddy bear.
there is a big convention going on this week so there is a lot of traffic.
a boy is eating an apple.
the man and boy take pictures.
the young man is sitting down.
a young woman, dressed in casual, black clothing, is holding a bat and about to strike the baseball.
a man plays a guitar in a park with dogs around him.
a group of men are standing at attention during the national anthem.
a person is having their portrait painted in a room surrounded by flowers.
a woman is cutting dog hair.
a dark skinned boy is sleeping.
the little girl in the red dress is looking at a book with her mother.
a woman is standing in front of a glass door in a red dress.
four young men in room surrounded by books.
a man is providing some in flight entertainment.
a female worker at the department store is working hard.
an elderly woman is walking on a street filled with graffiti while dressed with a young, hip attire.
the guitar is covered in stickers.
a man with a striped shirt is about to give a bath to a baby he is holding across his lap, in front of a little blue bathtub.
two dogs are in the air.
the musicians are together on stage.
the man is carting the girl around.
a women is studying something with a microscope.
a boy attempts to eat the camera.
people are ready to go down hill on snow.
a couple in a dancing contest peform a move.
two french poodles romp on a snowy field
the dog spots a fish in the water
a shirtless white male with a hat is using a hammer to strike rocks in the wilderness.
a red and white dragster.
the twins are playing stickball.
the young girl doesn't have legs.
a woman is holding heir child wearing blue.
a man and child are outside.
the group of chess players didn't let the red substance ruin their game.
the child is holding a stick.
two carpenters examine the lumber they will work with.
a man wearing a light blue shirt and glasses is talking to two gentleman in front of his kiosk
caucasian girl protesting with green sign
a woman and her son play at the beach on his birthday
a boy is playing in the ocean.
nobody is being kissed.
children playing on an open grass area.
a family is on a trip.
two people demonstrate martial arts
a woman is holding a boy.
an old man is smoking by sitting in the steps.
a man is smiling
people playing cricket.
a black dog waits on the grass for a falling yellow ball.
some ladies are looking at materials on a table.
someone sits alone in a car.
a woman is wearing a very plain and boring dress.
man skiing over a barrel in a snowy area.
a man is surfing for fun.
they are street performers making a living.
a small crowd of people are talking in the center of an open air marketplace.
the ox are attached to a plow.
a mother pulls her daughter on a sled in the snow.
there is a man pointing at something.
someone is pulling a big black bag onto a subway.
they are calling a baseball game
a dog is digging a large hole in a yard to find something.
someone in red on a bike is moving in midair.
a bus-boy cleaning
a father is watching his son canoe.
a young man in shorts and a polo shirt is carrying a garbage bag out of an empty lot with another man following him.
young girl picks flowers on a pretty day.
the man is falling off the cliff.
soccer players and family members after a game.
someone in a jacket pushes a yellow bag on wheels down the sidewalk.
people leaning on a railing.
a man is sitting in an alleyway.
a dogs is in the water in a rocky cove.
an asian city at night with a large number of people walking around.
a man wheels his luggage past a window full of blooming flowers.
a woman is painting flowers.
there are only two people outside.
a child in a white shirt in a train passenger car.
this city street looks like it is in london.
the skateboarders fall down
the young man is watching as other people are playing pool.
they are having a peaceful conversation.
a man is riding a roller coaster.
an oriental looking girl in pink pants, sitting on a little stool, eating out of a takeout box.
a man wearing gold underwear wrestling another man in front of a huge crowd at an indoor wrestling event.
a surfer doesn't have his surfboard.
the customers are cooking their own food.
a little girl still in the carrier that a parent would put on them.
workers labor to build transportation.
the boat is being sailed by a person.
couple women are drinking tea.
a man holds a popsicle.
a woman is waiting by a building for her lover.
a young woman jogs in the park.
llamas skateboard.
beach-goers in bathing suits use the outdoor showers on a pier.
a man bowls a strike at the tournament.
the person dives into the pool
a group of boys jumps down brick stairs.
a car is speeding down the street
a man is contemplating taking pictures of some figurines
a boy in front of a christmas tree is holding a light saber his uncle gave him.
a man is surfing in a competition.
a guy is resting next to something he could eat.
a group of boys sit down to eat lunch
a man is walking to a lake.
the people are sitting down in the dining room.
a woman is posing atop a scooter for some random tourist.
a small girl in a purple jacket is holding a mop and peering into a bucket.
the man is singing as well.
there are some people having a picnic
man has upset stomach
a worker is under a light.
a man with a white t-shirt and red hat is working outside a house.
a man is carrying a toolbox.
a man wearing very little clothing is doing a jump on a red bicycle.
the man is in an eating establishment.
a man with a backpack and red shirt is kneeling in front of a pile of posters.
a street vendor selling hot dogs.
a man walks alone on the sidewalk.
a group of men are in a car at the stop light.
the man wrapped in cloth has fallen into the river.
the old man has no cart.
the man is staring down the street while holding something white in his hands.
a small child is playing in a tutu
a woman in a bikini runs down a beach.
three friends try out the massage chairs at the mall.
a man is walking in the grass near a sidewalk
the police officer is chasing someone.
man in a suit with red vest talking to a woman in a jacket with a fur collar.
three black dogs play in the glass.
a woman wants to purchase a light.
a man and woman are looking at an exhibit entitled' other people's photographs'.
twin sisters smile and pose together on a boat.
a person is driving to work.
a woman holding a baby stare at a crowd of pigeons.
a sad girl jumps of a playhouse onto a rubber mattress in a daycare facility.
a teenager is holding a young boy making silly faces
men look at restaurant
a group of people at their desk
a man is walking past a latin american produce shop.
the girls are running through the meadow.
a young woman is eating a large steak.
the sea is calm with no waves today.
the youths played a summer concert .
the man is pointing something out.
five men in a laboratory are looking through microscopes.
a girl is surrounded by old candle lanterns.
a person on the field gets ready to start
a bride and groom pose outdoors.
man and child in yellow kayak
a man is using a grinding wheel
a group of people are playing african tribal music on drums.
three asian female pedestrians on a city street after going to a starbucks at one point.
men are working cleaning windows while on scaffolding.
five men in white short-sleeved shirts and ties stand in a parking lot.
the pillow was red.
a little asian girl with blue pants and a floral dress on is standing on a brown rug and holding her teddy bear.
the woman has a net
a child is near a pond.
a woman in a black bathing suit is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach next to the ocean.
people are playing ball on an outdoor court.
the girl and guy are in a relationship.
the picture is antique.
a person is riding a skateboard outside.
the man is at the train station.
two men who look very similar with beards are fighting over a waffle.
a man in a fedora is carrying a manilla folder.
a young woman is taking a nap in her bed.
men in hard hats are working on a wall.
there is gravel at the end of the slide.
performers putting on a concert
short haired woman fixes her hair
a group of people ride scooters and motorcycles on a street.
the men are sitting in a field.
nobody is roasting
there is a woman in a brown jacket leading a black horse.
a man outside with his bike
a dog is lying in the grass with a body of water beside him.
brown-haired cooks are near food.
a couple runs on a track.
a group of children being entertained by a group of entertainers while at a youth camp.
young barefoot boy playing a guitar setting in a large muti colored chair with a picture of three pigs beside him.
two humans are standing near a fence outdoors.
a group of brightly dressed people celebrate at a festival.
the people jump in the air when the picture is taken.
a woman is singing and playing the piano, at what appears to be a concert or event.
a dog is in a cage with a muzzle on.
the man and young boy are do surgery.
a child is standing in the snow with a shovel
paintballers fire down range.
an indian family looks out over the water.
the female gymnast, wearing a navy blue uniform, concentrates, preparing for her next move on the balance beam.
a trio of male musicians are performing with one playing a guitar and singing into a microphone, another holding a harmonica, and the third playing a bass guitar.
elder man slicing cheese for show.
there are birds in the bush.
they are posing for a picture
a lady in a white hat and sunglasses riding a bicycle.
a man wearing a white t-shirt working on his mac computer.
an english man in semi formal dress is trying to find his way to the bank in hong kong.
there is someone in a parking lot.
the blond child is swimming fast.
a tired man naps on his son's shoulder.
a snowboarder dressed in red is attempting to jump over a red board lying on top of snow.
four men float in a blue boat while cattle graze nearby.
a man is in the desert a few feet off the ground holding onto strings of a parachute.
two men are playing music and singing.
a man in a cap and a black jacket is juggling in the street.
people securing their kayaks and unloading their camping gear
two men are doing repair work.
a man serenading a woman with his flute.
the girl is reading
the woman has raised her hand for attention.
the child is enjoying a beautiful day at the beach with his/her family.
the person is sleeping in a roman temple.
a little girl holds a tire iron.
a man is racing
there is more then one bike
men stand on a lighted stage outside.
two men stop to talk near a sign outside.
a person cycling through snowy mountains.
several youths are wearing clothes.
a young boy is playing on beds.
a woman is standing with her fists closed.
a man sells magazines at a magazine stand in asia.
a man is wearing nike clothes.
a dog is carrying a stick through the forest.
two men travel in a wooden boat.
the children are climbing into the treehouse.
crowd gathers to listen to a band
a ball is being lobbed through the air
a crowd gathers around a drummer as they wait for a train.
a motorcycle is driving down the street.
a plane is flying through the sky leaving a trail of smoke behind it.
two girls and two boys walking in a park.
people waiting to cross a road.
the woman are hungry.
two females are blowing bubbles with their gum.
there are five children sitting in folding chairs.
the man is making a speech.
a guy practicing martial arts for a competition that is coming up in a few days.
a black singer is playing guitar at an amphitheater with his bassist.
a man in a crowded kitchen watching as his girlfriend prepares some food.
dogs playing fetch.
the two women are wearing long dresses
the people are walking in the city.
a person is screaming.
some guy is taking pictures of a santa cruz firetruck.
an upside down man is performing using a powerful statement near a construction site.
a little boy in a red outfit is on a man's shoulders.
a man in a red shirt holds a beer can and hammers while a man in a white shirt looks on.
too women are about to eat dinner with their friends.
three small children are playing with toys on a table while waiting for their parents to return.
the dog jumps through the water
four boys are standing outside by a piano and palm trees.
a cow licks a salt lick.
the woman was in the sauna naked.
there is no place to buy food on the street.
the woman is wearing a pink pant suit.
a child is wearing glasses
two girls wearing an army uniform.
grownups are dancing.
two girls are hugging.
a tattooed woman taking a picture with a digital camera.
three young boys are selling bags of popcorn to the general public.
a child jumps into the water.
people are looking outside.
a old man is waiting for the game to begin.
students sit in a classroom with green walls and red desks, waving at the camera.
a kid in a bright red bouncy castle.
two field hockey players collide.
two toddler boys look onward from the playground.
rollerblader off the ground above a ramp.
the most wonderful asian food court!
there are four people working together to get a job done.
a woman is standing in front of a man and child.
two men are on fire.
hockey players drink gatorade
the young, asian man is on the beach sunbathing.
person enjoying their water sports
a boy is running in the snow.
a woman is speaking to a group of kids.
there is a person on a vehicle.
a man looks for a certain address.
no one is near the pool
a man watches a game of football with a large crowd of people.
an older lady with a fanny pack.
the actors stand idle by the door
a woman is sowing an indian artifact for an upcoming festival.
a woman in gray working on painting the numbers to her house on the sidewalk.
a group of singers is standing around a conductor.
a victory parade is being celebrated.
a woman is napping.
a crazy man is plotting how to attack from above.
a man takes a picture of a group of swans.
there is a person skiing
little boy about 5 or 6 years old wearing dark blue, dripping wet in either a lake or river.
an empty street houses only tumbleweeds.
the children are ready to eat.
a young woman is sitting in a chair on the beach, while reading a book with her feet in the sand.
the person is reading "to kill a mockingbird."
a rodeo competition where the contest is roping calves.
a person is enjoying the view outside.
a young man is wearing clothes.
there are bunch of people trying to do some shopping.
a christian man in a vest that states "repent of sin turn to christ" is holding a sign in a busy crowd in a boardwalk that states" jesus saves from hell."
there is an old man with a cart in front of the shoe store.
a black dog jumps at a ball held by a man wearing blue jeans, a blue striped shirt, and a dark blue jacket.
the men are about to get violent.
a man in white face paint makes a woman laugh.
a woman in a black coat and black boots walks through the rain with a yellow umbrella.
a dog is on the beach.
a man is trying to show others what a banana looks like
the boy that is pulling ears is laughing.
a person is moving toward something big.
a kayaker in whitewater rapids is between two rocks, while a bystander watches.
the person is building a brick house at this location.
the asian man is playing a cover of "imagine" by john lennon.
a woman with short hair and dress sleeps while laying on the floor.
an african woman is holding a small child in her arms.
the people are looking at a poster of ronaldo
the race is dangerous
small child in diaper playing with thomas trains.
the person is under the sea
a person clad in a robe shows an object to the crowd
some children are learning how to pretend to be dead from adults who are afraid of bears.
the thin man is refueling his smart car.
 a blue van being driven with a bunch of items strapped on the top of the roof of the van.
a woman wearing a hat white shirt and blue jeans is standing on a sidewalk looking at something while people walk by.
a woman outside throws a horseshoe.
the backpacker is outside
a woman is operating a computer.
there are people with produce in the market.
a girl wearing a hat near a domino's pizza sign.
a man is on a farm.
two children are sitting on a bench with a rooster in front of them.
the man throws tomatoes at the women while they tell jokes.
a lawyer draws up divorce papers.
three humans burst out of the tent.
the woman is walking out of the shopping center.
the person has long blue hair
a person is outside.
runners pass a check point in the city.
a woman having a drink is shaking hands with someone.
a dog is running away from it's owner.
twelve children gather in an outdoor, tropical location.
a can of soup eats a man.
the fountain is inside the house.
the men are constructing a road.
guy in santa suit wearing ninja mask and horns
people are playing fetch with their dog.
the construction workers are building a wall.
young boy leaps from a platform at a fenced in playgroud
a mime performs on a street corner.
a group of sports fans cheer as their football team enters the football stadium.
man falling off a tightrope
the two people are eating at a diner.
the kids are splashing in puddles .
a mother cradles her school-aged son in her arms.
the woman and child are dressed in casual clothing walking in the mall.
two sword fighters training.
a group of people with their faces painted are standing outside.
luggage carts all lined up and ready to be moved.
three men are going to get more supplies.
a dog runs quickly.
a flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach.
men running a race outside.
the dogs are playing in the pond.
the people were in the sauna relaxing
a girl is playing a trampoline game with friends.
a girl's feet are exposed.
the man is sleeping in his bed, while the son is sneaking out to be with his friends late at night.
a pig is rolling through some mud.
some young girls standing in a group some with their arms around each other.
a man is zesting lemons
a man is pushing a yellow bike.
a girl is at a fair, while friends throw tomatoes at her.
guys on motorbikes are riding.
the rugby players are female and are wearing blue.
guy wearing a uniform for football.
people dressed in red are crossing a bridge to complete a competition.
a man runs with his cow
the wall has fallen on the man
a boy and a girl color pictures together.
a man is on his knees
two men in surgeons' gowns are completing an operation in an or.
whoever is in the car is a resident of ohio.
children listen to a teacher read a story.
woman standing inside a window with artwork.
a blonde woman is posing on the beach.
there are people in the tent.
women are jumping.
the young man has his legs wrapped around a female.
dad and son have a tender affectionate moment together.
a man eating food with his head resting against his hand.
a movie studio is filming on location in the center of town.
a girl makes a cake.
a room filled with many officials who are taking a vote.
a camera crew is not filming today
a college basketball player happily rises for a jump shot.
some humans in uniform.
a man with his two dogs sitting as two girls and a boy walk by on a street corner.
a woman hiding.
some onions are larger than others.
a muslim woman in glasses, wearing a red shirt and purple burka, stands with her back to the camera, leaning against a wall.
a man is infront of a crowd.
a tall man is playing basketball
a dirt biker is competing in a race.
some people are sitting in seats under a white framed glass canopy.
a man is jumping backwards and the progression is shown in slow motion freeze frames.
the gymnast is hanging.
a man is wearing headphones
the player is shooting toward the wrong goal.
man dancing
the person has a rock climbing hobby.
a show is being videotaped
the construction worker is working on a house.
man wearing black surfing a wave.
a man is finishing his artwork
two fighters facing off in a boxing ring with a crowd watching.
a young woman is trying on dresses.
two boxers are landing simultaneous punches on one another.
a lady in hanging off a red trolley, waving.
people on a peer watching the sun go down.
three friends are on a cliff staring out towards a beach.
people are volunteering at a shelter.
the crowd is there on a tour
a group of people surf on a very large wave.
young lady shares a cookie.
there is not a restaurant.
a blond girl in a pink sweater is holding a baby.
four people are sitting
one man is carrying another.
a man and boy are playing chess.
the group is sitting in a snowy area.
a woman is laying on a float in the pool, soaking up the sun.
a man  is embracing his girlfriend with his wearing styles
a man works on the wheel of a bicycle in a workshop, likely to repair a broken one.
the boy kicked the ball
a woman runs on the treadmill.
a man in a red hat gazes from the top of a skyscraper.
a shot is taken by a basketball player.
the kids were walking across the field.
the man is preparing food
the guys are outdoors.
the officer is peeing on the bush.
the man is at the circus.
the child is crying because he lost his red balloon.
a runner in a black and white top is smiling.
there are cheerleaders at the event.
a crate of sardines is surrounded by a group of bystanders.
a father and a son are playing baseball.
the girl shoots a basket.
girls are snacking
two men playing around
older man in a plaid shirt leaning in a restaurant.
a boy and a two girls are running around on a sidewalk next to a river.
a man in blue striped shirt stands behind two doors.
there are only two people shown here.
a boy is standing in a field pushing a wagon with his finger.
someone is kicking the ball.
a man wearing a gray button up shirt is drilling a hole on top of the metal keg barrel.
a woman enjoying being away from home.
the police men were outside the store.
a white sign says that there is no smoking.
the grass is high
a child going into water.
three men manually collect hay in a field.
a boy straddles a bridge on a play set outside.
there are black puppies in the house
a father carries a crying boy on his shoulders.
a woman thinks about her day as she is walking through the street.
a woman looks excited.
small girl wearing a white sweater standing between branches of a tree with green leaves.
the boy wearing white is leaping from the swing.
a baby is trying to find it's mom by looking out of it's bed.
there is a group of boys wearing orange jerseys playing basketball.
the stage is empty
a child taking a bath
dog barks at cat
a female spotted a boat in the distance while looking at the sea.
the man is dressed as a cop.
five girls on rollerskates, three of which are colliding with one another.
a man wearing a blue shirt is interacting with a woman wearing a red skirt, while another man wearing black looks on.
female dont like planting
a man walks down a graffitied neighborhood with a boom box.
a dog jumping over a barrier on a course
a policeman is investigating an incident
she is eating.
two dogs with matching orange collars are running outside.
the skateboarder is wearing skate shoes.
a woman hula hoops.
the bikes are in the basement of the alamo.
a small girl is sitting on a completed snowman.
a woman runs away from danger.
a man plays putt-putt golf
the blades of the scissors overlap.
a soccer player diving on the field.
a person on the street.
three men working in a shop by stocking items
girl jumps to spike volleyball.
a couple is dancing in costa rican outfits.
the crowd is staring at the mans eye wondering what happened.
two teams of kids are playing a playoff game.
there are people in a soccer field.
there is a girl skating.
a group of protesters hold a banner with their massage on it.
a basketball player makes the 5th rebound of the night,
the kayak tips over.
a biker performing a trick where the bike is only on its front tire in a skate park as the sun is behind him.
a man windsurfing
there is a man sitting on a couch and drinking from a red cup.
kids are playing in the grass with toys.
a man in blue is taking pictures indoors.
the man is lifting a log.
a girl holding a frisbee close to her face.
some hikers are taking photographers on a hill.
the men in the orange vests were sitting down.
a man is making balloon animals for a group of young children.
two player have football
to fully dressed ladies wave to other people because they knew them
a woman and child eating at a restaurant.
some football players in blue jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
one man wearing glasses sits in front of an apple computer and drinks from a cup while another man wearing a cap and glasses stands in front of a microphone.
a baby is getting his first bath.
a man sits on a blue bench in front of a cobblestone wall between two trees.
a young man is outside with a three wheeler bike.
two girls are performing a traditional dance while dressed in matching costumes.
several sports players do exercises on the field.
a woman runs naked through the snow.
a man is going to eat food.
a woman holds a small child.
spectators watch as the golf tournament progresses.
a man in a blue outfit rides a hang glider high over a neighborhood of houses.
a man dressed in blue holding an orange bucket stands in the sea, with a swan-like bird in the distance.
a little girl holds flowers at her sister's wedding.
the man wears a pair of jeans.
people in the market picking out and looking at fruit.
a man sitting on a dock.
a man is watching tv in bed.
a little girl is wearing an orange shirt and holding a red wallet.
the truck is smoking from the trunk
construction crew working on building masonry
a man is in the subway.
the girl is 97 years old.
the men in dark uniforms are sitting on the bench.
the photographer threw a ball to them.
the horse or bronco is working properly.
the festival is a big party.
a blond woman plays with her dog in the grass.
several people are having a conversation in the alley
boy was dared to touch light
a man playing the piano.
two men fixing drag queen's costume.
in a wooded setting, two women are holding their arms in the air to form a bridge and one woman is going under their arms, while two children stand nearby.
a donkey carting greens and two people on a street.
a man is selling roses in his store.
two men are next to each other, with one holding a microphone.
a man with a long black hair and beard, wearing a black shirt, is euthanizing the polar bear.
the baby boy is holding a snail.
the boy is a skater.
a person sits in a room.
they make money by playing music
a tennis player in a green striped shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth.
a skateboarder is riding their skateboard.
a person is being led by strings.
a young boy has flour on his face.
a person with a haircut.
a tow truck driver helping a white car
the girls are wearing helmets.
there is a boy playing in water.
a woman shops for jewelry.
a person relaxing on a sofa out on the sidewalk.
a baby is about to have her diaper changed by her mother
the older woman is walking on the street.
a lady wearing a green sweatshirt and jeans sits on the ground and hits a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
two people are on the floor.
there are several young girls dressed in similar outfits playing instruments.
the three young girls ice skated.
a man hits his drums in front of the band.
a man and his pup.
a child wearing a yellow shirt leaning on hand against a wall.
two construction workers are bent over and straddling a metal i-beam.
the brown dog is a pit bull.
a woman in a wetsuit aids a fish in need of attention.
a group of children are wearing medals.
four people stand with their dogs in a field.
a man in a red shirt and jeans and a toddler on a rock near the water.
a dog's leash is tied to a pole next to the car.
a woman participates in a dirt bike race through the woods.
the men are drinking milkshakes at the diner.
a basketball game is in progress.
a little boy with short brown hair and a blue shirt is looking at a yellow pinata ball and he has a stick in his hands.
a man rides a gondola through the canals of italy
a boy soccer player running down the field.
a young girl wearing a blue soccer strip is walking on the grass.
three older people are surrounding a grill.
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a doorway.
woman eating on road
a blond kid with no shirt stares out a glass door.
the chef makes a flambe.
a person is falling off their surfboard.
two children are sitting inside.
a group of people are inside a building looking at a tree.
a building with a number displayed on top is surrounded by many other buildings.
a goalie makes a game winning save
eleven people of both gender are present at a table.
the man is a teacher doing an expirement.
a man wearing a white helmet, yellow vest and blue pants is sitting on a motorcycle.
a giant monster truck leaps over crushed cars and into the air inside the arena.
puppies eating chicks
a girl is wearing a purse while walking.
four boy scouts perform on stage.
the man has a tennis racket
a woman is rinsing out a rag.
a bicyclist jumping a trick on a bike
there is a blond man smiling at a baby.
she can touch the bottom of the ocean with her feet.
a guy and a female with drinks in hand.
a person wields a musical instrument.
a bicycle is parked in front of a shop that has a large orange sign.
a person in a garage working on a bicycle wheel.
a person walks past two brick buildings.
a man with dreeds wearing large black sunglasses
three co-workers are walking back to work from lunch.
there are multiple cows
the girl is at the library.
the man is near a fire.
the little boy is strapped in a child safety seat.
the band was reading library books during the performance.
two people are carrying a bag down an alley.
the pilot is at home.
a man is racing in a marathon.
outdoors in the daytime, a person with a ponytail in silhouette walking left in front of a bus yard, with several buses parked.
a woman in a black dress, stands alone, looking out to a city.
two women ignore each other at a supermarket
the lady is asleep in bed.
a woman and a young girl walk/
two women are at a cafe.
a group of people are burning stuff.
jason mraz is performing a song on his guitar for his male audience.
the man prepares to step out into dodger's stadium.
a woman walking a dog on the beach.
a blonde girl is jumping on a couch.
two dogs chasing a receding wave.
the little male has clothes on.
a guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at dusk.
the racer is driving.
two girls practice hair braiding
person smoking next to a road.
black man in a striped shirt painting a white pickett fence.
two people are crossing a street.
these people are playing basketball outdoors.
a girl is holding a container of liquid while sitting.
someone is looking at a red advertisement.
the dog is large
the man is working at the construction site.
a man and woman are waiting impatiently for a waiter to arrive.
the vendor is making sales
college students are outside
peoples at the middle of the road blocking traffic
three men in yellow shirts have their hands on the white railing they are standing behind.
the dark picture shows three men talking to some men in a booth
nicely dressed people are chillin in the grass.
the girl is not standing on the floor.
two women with wet hair are hugging and laughing together.
the man is eating french fries
one man helps another attach a red ribbon to his forearm in the midst of a large group of people.
a man holds a surfboard.
the backpack is open.
three teammates are playing soccer on a grass field.
two elderly women are looking into a display case of items for sale.
the people waited for the exit to open once the movie was over
a man in a winter hat plays with a small black dog in the snow.
a group of teenagers in a car.
a man jumps off a wooden structure.
the man is a secret agent.
a man siphons gas from a hose.
a group of soldiers in green is surrendering.
the boys are playing volleyball
there is a double-date, and they are currently in the kitchen.
a woman wearing earphones walks up crowded steps.
the two men are doing repairs on the building.
the 2 men standing next to each other are friends.
the boy is thinking about candy.
band playing a birthday song
this picture is 50 years old
a man is making a landscape mural on the garage door.
the men are near their golf cart.
the woman are looking at a man eating plant.
a woman posing for a picture next to a odd attraction.
a woman reads the paper while waiting for the train to chicago.
a dog has something to play with.
the girl is sitting on a couch with a dog.
a man flies a kite
a business man is getting lunch.
a man sells hotdogs on the street.
kids sitting down talk to each other.
a man in a white shirt and black pants putting on gloves.
someone is going up a mountain.
a man is riding his purple bike through the crowded area.
oriental festival or parade with beautiful display of blue, red and orange colors.
the man is in the bench
a kayaker is paddeling a kayak in rapids with a group of his friends in other kayaks.
a woman is buying ice cream to take home and eat later.
the badly sunburned painter wishes he'd brought sunscreen as he paints the city
a man is sitting down in a park
a man and his wife are arguing.
an indian man wearing a turban walking on a sidewalk next to a busy road.
the man is waiting for his family to arrive.
a boy in a red shirt sits indoors twiddling his thumbs
a man sitting at a table
a race car goes down a road.
a crowd is watching the movie titanic on a television.
a woman eats a banana while watching tv.
one older man in a game preserve is standing
a group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade.
a dog is jumping in the air with flowers in his mouth on a very windy day.
a girl playing tic-tac-toe on a sidewalk with a piece of chalk
people on bikes by a building.
a little girl high-fives a yellow robot.
the workers are putting up the frames to a future church.
a kid laments he cannot swim because he just ate.
the skateboarders will have a picnic in the park.
three men in red and white striped shirts, white pants, and black hats hold flags.
a woman walks up a path.
a girl in a yellow scarf and black shirt is standing next to a scooter.
the people are mad because the man isn't playing his songs.
a person playing on a rope swing.
a child wearing a rainbow striped shirt is pushing a toy cart.
a group of friends are in the park laughing and walking while telling jokes
four workers dig deep with their shovels.
the couple is trying to cheer up the other.
the troops salute their captain.
a little boy stands infront of a tube slide.
an older girl and a younger girl playing barefoot in a puddle
a person surfing near a beach.
a woman in glasses and a pink dressing standing in the street.
two people walking down a sidewalk, both of which are carrying balloons.
two drivers are racing another car.
a scientist studies a vaccine.
the people are together
the groundskeeper accesses the health of vegetation.
doctor is performing heart surgery on a patient
a girl is standing by a lake.
several people are crossing a street in the rain.
a man fixes his car.
two young girls, both in white dresses, stand by a horse drawn carriage.
a middle-age man in black suit speaking into the mic, behind brown podium.
an asian boy wearing a red shirt with a shaved head that is dyed blond with a red heart is leaning on a counter, talking on a cellular phone.
a child jumps on a beach ball.
a dog with a brown spot around one eye walking in front of a black dog.
a surfer demonstrating his skills to others.
a woman is painting her house.
a man explains a display to two other men.
the cattle is lassoed by a person.
a group of people are hauling hay to their cattle in the field.
a man is hot-wiring a vehicle.
the citizens have a good snowy day, but remember summer.
2 men are outside
a child is jumping into the water next to a pile of seaweed.
a man is outside with his son.
a man in jeans and glasses stands next to a subway rail, leaning against a post and reading a book.
a man is conversing with his coworker.
a female gymnast is performing a pose that requires her right hand to be placed on the floor between her right knee and left foot.
the man is doing work.
a large group of kids are seated next to eachother on the bleachers.
two big dogs are chasing after the same ball
a couple of men are playing soccer.
two young boys dressed in shorts are looking for something.
a man is practicing his violin.
a man takes out a bank loan.
only men are participating in the parade.
a boy and a girl smile for a photo while in a pool.
the woman gesticulates
a man sits in a chair hoping to catch a butterfly with a net
a young girl holds flowers in one hand and a basket with a bow in another.
a woman makes quilts.
people sitting on a couch.
the man is sitting on a motorcycle.
a boy is shooting a basketball in a gym.
a bird lands on an empty window frame
a woman is sitting in a tent, drinking.
a large group of people standing indoors
men play rugby.
basketball players in a fight on the court.
a man is eating a hot dog.
a girl is scooping sand.
the man is stressed out and smoking outside.
the chihuahua sniffed the stick in the woods.
a brown dog dominates a black dog.
a cyclist wears a helmet and coat while riding.
the moon is shining overhead.
a man and woman standing next to the ohio state mascot.
a woman reading in the subway.
men cleaning the ceiling in a museum.
a group of young people is at a bar partying
a girl riding a horse
a boy slides into a big mud pit.
a man and child are talking a walk through a park.
a child is making a book.
an elderly couple sits with their dog in a green field by the shore.
a baseball game
four dogs jumping in the air in a field.
a woman is riding a majestic, translucent steed.
a person taking a nap.
the entire group is wearing tutus, and leotards.
there is a curling event at the ice rink
the baseball player catches the ball and closes the game.
a child with long hair stands in a rocky area
they can shower outside.
woman with black uniform and hat cleaning a table.
the adults are wearing costumes.
an old man is outside and is looking at his jacket, contemplating putting it on or not
a man is playing tennis with his family.
the man is playing frisbee at the park.
a man is surrounded by cars
a man with contact lenses walking through the woods on a cloudy day.
a group of adults is having a discussion at a table under a tent.
there is a black and white dog running on a mat with a man in a blue shirt watching.
a girl in a green dress dances with a man in a kilt, while another couple with the same outfits dances in the background.
a woman is photographing something.
four people playing soccer at a distance.
the woman is attending a party.
live music is being played.
two boys have earrings in their ears.
an astronaut training underwater with another man in scuba gear.
there are many motorcycles on the street
a sad man does tricks with a skateboard off the front of a building.
a woman in red shoes waling in the street.
a soccer player is drinking from a nike bottle.
a young man plays a grand piano while others visit nearby.
they are all swimming
a group of people sit in chairs
a man sitting at a desk drinking coffee.
a young woman distributes belongings into a black box.
some people are walking a pair of dogs.
they are planning a surprise birthday party.
an orchestra doing band practices in a church for the wedding
two swimmers are competing.
two girls are looking at the scene.
a man pressure washing in front of a fence and a large building.
there are dogs.
two girls crouch in front of a garden of small shrubbery.
the couple were discussing whether to go into the coffee shop or not
a beaver on the shore of a stream.
four army men are driven home on the back of a john deere gator.
a man walks a few feet in front of a family.
a frisbee team does a chant before their game in a circle.
a man is throwing a ball with his son.
a child is rollerblading.
a woman utilizes her laptop
a band is at a huge festival playing music.
he stood over the mountaintop looking over the ocean.
people stand by the house
a man skiing during the winter.
a little girl hugging a giant egg in a nest.
a man sits alone in a chair indoors.
a baby drools on a dog.
workers doing maintenance on a yard
several employees approach a snowy developer building.
a photographer takes pictures of a model for a magazine.
there is only on swan.
a man is kissing a woman on the sidewalk near two bikes while couple is walking a dog.
woman in a lab
a girl throws a pizza at a zebra.
a sleeping baby.
the airplane is flying to chicago.
he is holding a snake.
a number of people cross in front of the top of an escalator.
the man hurt himeself while skateboarding.
a woman is driving a car
a boy is sitting on a black boat with two flags on long poles.
there is a dog playing indoors.
a baby is on the floor.
two humans are cooking together.
one female wearing a blue sweatshirt and ski cap is holding a camera and jumping.
the man and woman are wearing hats.
the old lady is 90 years old.
the child is tuning pianis
a car leaving the pit at a race.
workers treat fabric in outdoor pools of dye.
three smiling children running indoors.
4 older men playing hacky sack.
the child had a long day.
an artist carves a statue.
a group of people pose in front of a banner.
the man is near umbrellas.
obese man is sitting by the pool.
the man cannot see well
a person jumping high in the air on a snowboard.
the woman is attempting tricks on a skateboard.
a man stands on top of a wall.
the man is reading a romance novel.
people reading books in a library
the man in the barber chair is typing on a computer.
the teams are rebuilding cars.
men are sitting on bags on the ground.
several people are wearing clothing.
a newlywed couple is on a plane.
two bald men, one sitting at a computer and the other behind him, in front of red window curtains.
a family ball game takes place after a picnic.
the boys are playing a soccer game
the woman is wearing a bright orange construction worker vest.
the woman's shirt is pink
a man wearing a tool t-shirt plays on his laptop.
two men are sleeping in reclining chairs in some kind of medical or dental facility.
a young woman with elaborately designed hair is enjoying a game on a game boy.
a child is ringing a doorbell in costume
a man in the kitchen.
the race car is being driven down the racetrack.
a fat hairy mammoth.
the group in traditional clothing is playing instruments.
the workers are at the beach relaxing.
a man is using his surboard in the ocean
the lady is surrendering to the police.
two people are surfing a wave in front of the shoreline.
three men in team uniforms are surrounding a yellow dog in a boat.
a dog chases a white animal on a green lawn.
nobody is relaxing.
a large crowd of people are sitting.
some people watching tv at night.
two swimmers compete in a diving match.
the dog is going to his "secret bone-hiding" place to deposit his newest piece.
a group of people are about to get their picture taken.
military man getting some food at the mess hall.
gentleman with blue tie was talking into a microphone
a girl sitting by the beach.
a tattoo artist happily applying tattoo ink
an asian child is lying on the ground in front of a stroller
some people are flying kites at the beach.
a female stripper in a bikini cooks.
a young boy in a white tank top wearing a racing bib.
the boy is not a talented skater.
the people have been cremated.
the two men are painting a mural.
the family is spending time togethor.
there is a woman looking into her phone, standing next to a tree.
the girl is running on the sidewalk.
the is nobody singing
two women are holding signs.
the man is holding a tray of drinks.
a young boy is asleep at a table with his face on a plate.
a girl is singing to a group.
the boy is outside with a girl.
a child in a red and white jacket running in the desert.
a man is climbing a cliff high in the air.
a man and a dog on a park bench in the foreground, with a group of walking people in the distance.
a halftime show performance.
a girl is showing off a pink bottle for show and tell.
two dogs are fighting in the grass.
the screen is showing the parts of a cell.
the people are trying to recruit the batter.
there is a balloon outside.
two boys refuse to play hockey anymore and play soccer
a duck sits in the water.
the man is explaining the wonders of the universe.
a couple people sit in a tent.
a female dancer is wearing a red dress
adults watch children destroy a tower of blocks.
a group of 4 african-american children are sitting on stools in front of a bar that has iron bars restricting access.
outdoor fire works
a group of protesters sitting on a couch.
two women are slapping one another.
a girl reading off her essay that's due soon while working on her laptop.
the men in business suits are joining the people with placards.
the woman holds the ball while a girl jumps over it.
a man with a green jacket and black hat is standing near the doorway of his house.
a man on a bicycle is talking to another man.
the animals are sitting down.
a football player wears his favorite team's uniform.
the boy with the lady has bose headphones.
the firemen really enjoy their work
two women are riding bicycles.
a man climbs a wall.
a girl in a polka dot dress singing into a microphone.
a blond tennis player in action on a grass court.
people playing hockey.
a man riding a dirt bike
a dog eating a cow
a tall person diving.
a young man in a blue shirt is doing tricks with a skateboard.
a man sings on stage.
a man on a skateboard
the two players stood on the soccer field.
the team is outside.
a woman sings on stage while a man plays guitar.
the runner is on a treadmill
the surfer is riding the wave.
people hanging up a volleyball net.
the brown dog with the red collar is staring at the plate of food.
they are sitting down having dinner.
a male is on a busy street
two boys were playing in the water.
the 6 people are all wearing different color shirts.
two men are carrying yellow purses
a woman in a baseball hat and jeans squeezes a mop into a yellow bucket.
a boy smashes his face on a birthday cake.
a girl throws a yellow ball.
she took a pic of the bridge before she left
a man is getting his picture taken on a dock.
a man is eating a tropical fruit skin and all.
two groups of huskies are running in the snow, each group pulling a man.
the workers in the maintenance department continued to clean the area after heavy rains.
a body of water has many growing plants on its surface.
a dog hangs out in some water
a blue train collides with a small car.
a kid hangs out near by water.
a man does illegal graffiti.
fencers are competing for the championship.
a man in a blue cap eats a hotdog.
laundry is folded in a laundomat
that guy is laying and resting
a man in a large red truck.
a man is wearing a shirt and smoking pot.
the students are in the same grade.
the surfer is on the wave
people are on the side of the road.
there is a yellow jacket painted on the side of a building
a man puts a thing in a tree with a short pole
a dog is reading the newspaper.
the woman is reaching for cookies inside the container
the girl is in a bathign suit
someone cooking while wearing a hat.
a crowd is present at a bar.
the two men in the picture are not talking to one another.
a man blows a giant bubble for a crowd of people.
all the adults are parents of children who also take lessons at this same dojo.
the two dongs went swimming
the students are outside for recess.
a woman is hiking a cliff.
a group of people about to mug an asian male.
the man in the green apron is doing yard work
the people are friends.
the man has a wet hand
a girl eats taffy for a snack.
the man is in the stands watching the show.
the group of ladies are all at work in the office.
the man wearing a green jacket is riding a bike through deep snow.
a woman buys a gi joe.
an older man is at the fair riding a roller coaster.
there are people playing basketball at sunset on the first day of spring.
a girl wears white
the girl is holding the infant.
a boy riding on a swing.
this man is a nonsmoker.
he is wearing a green helmet.
two people relax on a beach
a slim woman looks at pictures in her camera.
a man take photographs of a flowery field.
a woman was carrying a child in a picnic.
a girl is on a slide
a man in drag with a note pinned to his chest operates a singer sewing machine.
a doctor wearing blue scrubs leans against a wall while watching others work on a patient.
a young man wearing a blue jacket is turning his head.
five people sit inside some kind of public transportation, most likely a train.
the men are at the restaurant.
a man in a jacket is pulling a horse.
the man has never smoked in the kitchen, including today.
the three humans are outdoors.
two climbers are about to join their friends to set a climbing record.
the woman is getting ready for work.
a man and woman sit down to eat at a restaurant.
two people wearing yellow jackets crosscountry skiing.
she is playing a tuba.
the tv is showing a rugby match.
the path is in the woods.
the kids and adults were at a picnic gathering
a football player tackled another player
two friends race on dirt bikes.
the mans hat is black and says in red letters "wasted"
a man in midair on a skateboard.
there's a blindfolded man swinging a stick at a pinata.
a subway train is speeding down the river.
a man holding a book stands in front of a wall crowded with objects and pictures.
a woman in a flowered dress is walking down a brick sidewalk.
a music group is getting onto the tour bus.
the boy is looking at the ground.
a girl taking a nap
a group of people are cleaning up the outside of a house.
two people are laying in the grass as they enjoy nature and watch the clouds.
a small girl in red shirt walking alone in a yellow parking lot.
four women wearing white clothing holding up a white sheet.
a little girl in a red sweater and red headband holds onto a tree limb and sticks out her tongue.
six cheerleader have pompoms.
the parade is very large.
the dogs are at school and are learning how to speak.
men and women strolling in the park on the sidewalk.
two boys buying food from an outdoor vendor.
a kid is playing a game
the young boys are in a casino.
children playing with a pig
the boy has a torso.
two women play a game.
the three young boys are relatives.
two children kneel down on a wood floor to inspect toys, books, and other small items.
the musician is playing a black and red accordion
a small child reaches out to touch some sort of gadget, in front of a colorful wall.
the girl never sleeps.
a man on a bench points out a coming bus to another man.
a tractor is on the hill.
two males are walking on a sidewalk.
a snowball jumps off of a well crafted ski-run
a group of people camping sleep outside
some friends are at the top of a massive water slide.
a trio puts on a musical performance.
a bus is traveling.
2 men are working the crane
a group holding signs moves in the street
a spotlight is on several people who are wearing cowboy hats.
2 boys in the foreground in a karate competition and coaches in background looking on with another coach sitting at table.
a black man in a blue shirt joyously holds a metal bar
the boy is having a picnic.
a dog runs across the grassy field.
the children are chopping down a tree.
a man is on his motorcycle.
the man wearing army pants and a black shirt is wearing shoes.
a woman peers out her windows at the trees.
three men play a game in the dark
four people playing cards around a table.
a shoeless bald man in blue jeans leaning relaxed with his hands on his head.
some people are crying and upset at the party.
an old man is playing football in the superbowl.
the dog and cat prepared the food on the table by following instructions on the package.
a dog bites the tail of another dog.
there is a group of children being observed by their father.
one man is rolling in an anchor for a boat.
a boy is hitting a piata.
some women are outside.
a man that is sitting is reaching into a box.
a man sits next to his go cart in the jungle.
a woman screams as a man throws a deck of cards.
a happy girl in a forest with leaves falling from a tree.
three people over a culvert looking into the water beside an alligator caution sign
some people enjoying local activities on downtown.
there is a dog playing around
a cat is sleeping in a tree.
the fans cheered thier team on.
several children are inside playing.
two individuals are getting divorced.
person winning the race
a man gets his bike ready for a competition.
a woman jumps a hurdle on the track.
a dog sits alone.
there are two people with jerseys outside.
a child is standing in front of a barred gate.
five guys chopping down a tree and turning it to mulch.
the lorikeet is black.
a man cycles on a mountain bike through a dusty path wearing white gloves and a helmet
a ship with a red and white sail is in water.
the kid is wet.
the dog smells another dog.
a boy is at the top of a snow-covered hill.
a swimmer smiles as she does the breaststroke.
a lady is out for a run
an older asian lady is fanning herself.
a man looks at the produce section.
a little blond girl is laying on the couch inside.
a lonely old man is studying some ruins
2 woman surfers carrying their boards across the beach.
three sad kids playing soccer on a hill top.
two men are black.
the men are spiderman.
three bicyclists are riding in a pack.
the people have elephants for sale.
a scientist in a lab coat is using a microscope.
this man is riding a bicycle with a coca-cola basket on the back down a dirt road.
the old men hate music.
boy firing a gun in a shooting range.
people getting ready to take a river trip.
two young people selling goods in a market.
a family watches tv in the living room.
the senior is dreaming.
a few young men in a rollerblade race.
a grown man is pounding a beer on the swingset.
the woman cuts the squash in half.
the boy in the helmet is rollerblading.
a bird is singing in a tree alone
chinese workers are working at a factory.
a dog is digging a hole in the dirt
the girls are outside, playing in the sand.
a man with a black shirt and microphone performs a demonstration at an event.
a guy does a spinning kick to hit a ball.
a man never stands outside.
yoda's robe is paisley.
a man is on his truck.
a group of kids with their hands raised in the air.
a man in blue underwear is leaning forward over a sink and looking into a mirror.
a biker performs a trick in the air.
a bird of prey on a branch.
three women with big blond-hair singing on stage.
a child watches a band play music
they are enjoying the sun
a man in a stone street painting a picture while children are milling about
a group of people walk down the street waving rainbow flags.
a girl is hugging her boyfriend before they go into the classroom.
people park at the dock.
two young girls building towers with legos in their livingroom.
the two people are sitting in a restuarant
a man in a red shirt in the doorway of a laundry mat.
the people are in the ganges river.
a band plays inside
a person getting well groomed.
the man is conducting a symphony.
a man is in a blue car.
a young boy in adorable pajamas practices mopping the floor.
a ballplayer has a bat
two women are playing keyboards under a lit tent at night.
people are riding bumper cars.
colorful bricks.
three workers work on a highway
four children are playing video games.
a man heads towards a business meeting with his notes.
the woman moved a loom.
a man is sitting down at the laundromat, waiting for his clothing to dry.
a single person sitting down for dinner.
a man is throwing the ball.
a woman is near a tent.
two people in different outfits are sliding down a water ride.
the girl is preparing to fight the wild dog with her bare hands.
tbe boy in the black t-shirt is jumping his skateboard over a railing near a path.
a man takes pictures of the water
three people are on the street.
two people are playing video games
two dogs, one holding something in its mouth, in the snow.
a man in the snow covered forest
two men sleep outside.
a woman is sweeping in front of her new store.
the it guy is fixing the computer.
the woman wearing black is asian.
a terrier runs to find his boy.
a child in a yellow dress sits on the rocks.
four guys plant trees on the street.
a man is lying in the snow with a pair of skis on and snow attire.
a boy holding elephant tusks.
two boys are playing one on one basketball.
the boy is in a water park.
someone is making a call.
workers are on a jobsite.
the girl is holding a guys head
a woman is applying blue eyeshadow with a q-tip.
there are several skaters on the streets.
little boy runs downhill at camera, gazebo in background.
a woman has a glass in one hand while another does not.
a woman is testing out new makeup on her face.
two women ordering some cheese.
there is a woman in a skirt.
competitors race cars on a road.
the men are drinking soda.
a man an woman have a picnic at the beach
two women on a construction site.
the guy is playing rugby at the park.
three reporters are interviewing people.
a man works on installing a floor.
a deserted info center.
a man is playing
a young woman wearing a red shirt stands in a soccer goal and kicks a ball.
some people eat nothing inside a house.
people walking around talking on their cellphones.
nobody is in a city
the girl is near a car.
three older men are sitting around a campfire at night.
women are performing.
the woman is singing to an audience
there is a baby in a swing.
a heated cart of food is being pulled on a city street by a woman dressed in a pink and white blouse and pink sandals.
a man is using a welding machine.
three black dogs are on a beach.
a man drops his notecards on the ground.
three men on horses in a rodeo ring, the paint closest to the camera bucking the closes cowboy out of his saddle while he waves his hat and looks at the camera.
the girl is near her presents.
two black dogs fetch a tennis ball at the beach.
a woman by a fountain enjoying the day.
a blonde woman standing by a blue wall.
a man performing motorcycle stunt
the old man is thinking hard
the american flag is being held by a happy toddler with blond-hair.
a boy is playing in water outside.
a small baby is given a bath in a plastic tub by an adult wearing rubber gloves.
all the people are running to avoid the tsunami.
the girl is wearing pink headphones and is listening to music.
they are flying off the ramps.
there are a group of people at the park.
a marine and two children play in the street.
a loom is being used while indian woman smoke a pike.
the little girl is playing on the beach.
two men are wearing their jackets outside.
a man taking a break next to his verizon truck
a young woman makes baskets in the middle of a desert.
a woman standing in front of her blue camaro with nathalie's dollhouse in the background.
two people relaxing after work.
a kid standing in the middle of a dirt road
an orange lifeboat speeds away from its mobile launcher whilst a man in red watches it sail away.
girl is listening to her earbuds.
a group of people outside.
older man with white shirt and gray shorts and sandals walks with older female with an orange hat and purse.
the monkey is new.
two dogs are playing around with a bottle.
a black and gray dog runs in a field with its tongue hanging out.
the child is active.
four men are working on a race car.
a dog's ears flop around as it jumps.
the young man is riding the skateboard at the park.
father kissing his daughter on the forhead.
a man in a black and yellow jacket is snowboarding, while others stand in the background.
a man and girl walk hand in hand.
a lawyer prepares for court.
a man is having a beverage.
two people row a boat past rocks in water.
a woman sprays herself with the hose.
a boy is playing on the beach.
the woman is dressed
the soldier is on top of a vehicle.
two surgeons are performing an operation.
guy skating on ice had a nice jump
the younger people are inside the house.
a group of people are inside a temple.
the man is climbing a ladder, about ready to clean his gutters.
the boys are brothers
people are dancing in the tropics.
the worker is eating lunch.
the girls are sitting in a circle.
a woman wearing red takes a photo of a landmark.
some children are waiting for a train.
the girls are saluting the soldier.
the person singing is also playing an instrument
a man with fishing poles behind him sits on a bench.
a boy puts his head on the desk
a man taking a picture of several big people,
a boxer punches a boxer in the face.
a swimmer is trying to dive into the water.
the kid is ice skating.
a woman dressed in clothes with short legs and a top is taking a picture.
the person is a model.
a child is napping without pajamas on.
a dog is chasing his frisbee.
a professional diver performing a dive in front of a small crowd on a sunny day.
dogs are fighting each other in the grass.
an old man guts a dead fish.
people are walking on the slippery road in winter, and there are two dogs: black and yellow.
the children are in a swimming pool playing with a beach ball.
people lay in a circle
the audience watches a musical.
a boss helps out his employee.
a boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
a lot of furniture not stacked
a lady is walking on a sidewalk downtown.
a woman eats a piece of pie.
the people are fishing at a frozen lake.
a woman is pushing a wheelbarrow.
the two women were running around.
three friends watch ducks in the lake
a child plays in the snow in the winter.
bikers are gathering for a party.
cheerleaders get into a pyramid formation.
the surfer fell into a big wave.
a man is carrying a canoe to the water.
one of the two guys is wearing a jacket.
a man dressed like santa is riding in a carriage during a parade.
the man is checking his email at the library.
a man in a white hoodie is taking a walk.
a man with a gas mask and goggles on his head.
he is dancing at a wedding.
the boy with the guitar is sitting on a stool.
dog licks paw
a white dog is running across a grassy field.
four children on a trampoline, in a snow covered area.
there are people clapping around a man dressed in black
people looking at a car exhibit.
the fountain is worth sitting on
there is someone playing a game
the man with the backpack is waiting outside of an apartment building.
a kid plays with toy boats in some water.
a woman walks on a city street.
there is a game.
a man wearing has a juggling act.
soccer players wave to the stands.
this person is skiing.
a girl is hanging around.
a little girl sitting on a bench, eating popcorn.
a middle-aged man is looking at the middle-aged woman.
the man is inside a building.
a dog runs on some wood.
a couple is holding a toy.
two guys outside, looks like in a parking lot, one guy is picking up a bike.
a man goes snowshoeing in the winter with mountains in the background.
a child is holding a cleanser in front of an oven.
a girl jumps high
a child is outside in view of an animal.
the man jumped toward the pool.
the grass is very short.
a woman walks down the street listening to her ear phones as a man talks on his cellphone behind her.
a man is rolling up a hose.
the football team is getting ready for their game.
people are entertained by a bag of items, while in a subway station.
the man is eating his food.
women smile as they cross the street
people doing tricks
a bullrider is riding a bull as spectators look on.
the trucks is blue
a man is doing a show.
a man leads his dog into a field.
a baseball player catches a ball.
a man takes a break from hiking and sits under a cliff.
a couple goes on a date in a restaurant
at the sunny beach two boys carry a third boy by the hands and feet
a man is painting a wall to cover graffiti.
the man is standing near the desk.
two men with one man in front.
a woman in a small pink bikini chats on a cellphone while a man looks on outside a city shop.
a cat is playing with a ball
a man is too tired to keep climbing.
a man buys a plane ticket online.
a man shoots his gun in his backyard.
a kid on bike rides at a skatepark
a band playing in an outdoor theater, along the river.
the gentlemen in jacket is enjoying a game of tennis.
a woman is posing for a photograph.
two boys and two girls roast marshmallows
a girl shovels dirt for a garden.
the short-haired woman was talking to a young boy.
a man carries two grocery bags, a sign of a funny man is by the pole near him.
a sad boy standing in front of a multicolored statue.
a man with glasses and a mustache opens up a wooden door.
horses are being raced for money.
4 tall teenagers.
baseball field staff washing the clay that rings the outside of a baseball field.
a row of children are screaming.
a man makes a cocktail
man walking with a hat on a stick.
a small sweets vendor sells under a tent at night.
man drags what seems to be a wooden board with a carpet atop of a shallow body of water.
a man wearing a black hat is atop a trotting, white horse.
a girl is party of a halloween party.
a woman wearing traditional japanese attire walking.
the male is blind.
two girls are playing outside in the grass.
a man alone on a gravely beach.
a man working on a concrete building.
tall men skating.
two women are having their nails painted.
all of the vendors have white umbrellas.
the is a concert  at a crowded hall
three asian girls sitting on bench
asian people at a rescue shelter.
one man throws a flying kick at another man.
the man is wearing a bear costume.
a snowboarder at the top of a slope reaches down to grab his board while in midair.
people are on the golden gate bridge.
this beach is a popular destination for families.
the windows are dirty.
the old man is wearing a red tank top
a group of fishermen arranging the fish.
the dog is running with the ball.
a small child wearing pink stands in a doorway.
group of people in the background playing guitars and drums, as a band.
he is sleeping on the grass because he is tired.
the man withe the whislte is walking up the stairs.
old people sit on the porch.
the girl is in the lake.
women hold a bag.
a group of people pose for a photograph.
a shirtless man takes a picture of a camera holder
two men are walking down a crowded street
a boy does a handstand in his yard.
two boys play a video game.
the two players are ignoring the ball.
the person watched his children roll down the sand hill.
a choir singing outside a church.
teenage girls are gathered near a wall in a city.
five cricket players are lounging on the grass.
the woman is hiding from a wild animal.
the dancers are all siblings.
a child holds both of his hands out to his left.
this is the winning kick of the game.
a hiker is squatting on the ground looking at a tree stump while his companion stands nearby holding a walking stick.
there men were playing soccer in the basketball court
walking down a busy street on a rainy day.
a man is looking for his storage trailer.
two people working at food booth
a woman examines an earring at a store
a doctor talking to a patient.
a child sleeps across chairs in the airport.
a group of kids going to enjoying the bike competition
a boy throws his yellow plastic sand shovel in anger when his mother grabs his hand to go
the man is a circus performer.
a man is writing on a chalkboard.
a man in a hat taking a break from work.
man looking over a large stove full of coal while bursting flames.
the bride and groom are going on their honeymoon.
a young boy wearing a blue shirt reaches towards the sign.
two people are hugging
two kids sticking their tongues out at each other underwater.
many people at the market waiting to get their orders filled.
man in brown shirt and blue pants with a pole while two men look down at him form a fence.
the young asian boy looks at his reflection in the park.
a man is not working with tools.
a man in a red shirt preparing food.
a man in a blue football shirt carrying knick-knacks.
a young asian girl in a blue dress, around six years old, is twirling a pink hula hoop around her waist while standing on a well-cut lawn in front of a wooden fence and some bushes and shrubs bordering the yard.
younng girls playing volleyball outside joke with one another as the volleyball bounces nearby.
a woman looks on as a man with folded arms is talking.
a man in a blue shirt and brown baseball hat eating eggs at a restaurant.
two children are laughing while playing.
little boy in blue practicing his batting skills.
a man in a blue and black jersey and missing one foot hits a volleyball from a sitting position.
a man is airborne behind his bike whilst holding onto the handlebars as he attempting a jumping stunt.
a person is walking in the ocean waves.
two brothers are hanging out.
a boy is sitting by the ocean.
the girl is coloring in her coloring book on the picnic table next to the pool
these two people are sleeping.
a group of people eat dinner on a train car.
a man works on a bicycle
parents get involved in the outdoor musical festivities by helping children play hand drums.
a soccer player is winning the game.
hockey players wear a very decorated jersey with advertisers, while walking next to a woman wearing a shirt saying "bliss" amongst a crowd of onlookers.
a group plays volleyball on a sunny beach.
young girl flies
cyclists are walking their bicycles through a tunnel.
a man in a blue jacket is smiling as he walks down the street to go get a sub.
a group of large white and orange dogs are in the grass.
a girl is asleep in her bed.
a snowboarder goes down a house.
the man and woman are looking at something.
the group of children applaud the man for balancing a silver ball at the circus.
a man is sitting down in a restaurant.
a nun in the kitchen makes breakfast
a man in a black dress is showing two other men his ring on a city sidewalk.
a boy is holding an american flag with a black cap on.
a gray-haired man washing windows on a building.
a group of students on a field trip from the local elementary school are seated in the same section of the theater.
a young blond woman wearing a hat and sunglasses talks on her cellphone.
it is a picturesque small town.
a little boy is playing soccer at a field.
the choir is dressed in black.
a man is driving carefully.
people dressed in green and white dancing
some small animals
two cats take a nap.
a man is driving to a local high school to recruit students into the military.
in this photo, indian men and women are in a parade dancing.
the road is torn up.
a man is wearing a blue tux
the man is laying on a balcony.
man holding fish.
children and a few adults are playing in a water fountain on the ground.
men build houses.
a group of friends are sitting inside of a library.
a man is walking his two show dogs through the park.
a girl with her face painted stands with a red umbrella and some other girls.
a man in a black t-shirt is waxing the chest of another man.
a bright red car is racing car
the red car is on a road.
 two collies at the beach are barking at a sting ray that jumped out of the water as they play together at the water's edge.
a man is staring at a tree and some cacti.
three men are jumping up for a ball.
the workers in rubber boots ate all the fish
audience members attending an indoor concert while a shirtless band member sings.
a balding man in a gray jacket reads the newspaper while riding on public transportation.
a girl at a dance.
many humans revolt as they step down the road.
a woman is dancing in the audience
two guys with nipple piercings are smiling.
men on a bike transporting various sizes of metal buckets.
children playing indoor bathroom
a short asian lady is doing the dishes in the kitchen of her small apartment.
two people looking at the lake.
some bees return to their hive.
a young child enjoys a water park with her mother.
someone is on a subway.
the girl anticipated being hit with a hammer.
a blond woman, wearing a white shirt, walks past a sign advertising food and drinks.
a man is walking his dog to the store.
a young man and older woman laugh.
an asian woman is praying with a white candle
the yard has a dog.
a girl studies for a math test.
a snake is slithering through the desert.
sleds sled down the street
workers are mixing drinks at a bar.
children are drawing a picture for their moms.
a man waits for his date at a restaurant.
a boy on his bmx bike leaping over a hill
two teenagers study as a man is nearby.
a man skateboarding against a construction wall reading no bikes.
it is a warm day.
the man wears a green shirt
a man wears a lab coat.
a man is playing taps at a funeral.
an asian person holding a ping-pong paddle is looking up while a ping-pong ball is flying near their head.
young men in hate clap their hands.
a young man in a beige jumpsuit boarding over a large tire
a boy is diving into water with boats in background.
a young man rides a tractor
a kid wearing a green tunic hikes through the woods
two people stand in a truck outside.
the person is naked.
a girl is holding flowers she picked.
beautiful lights accent trees on a dark night.
people are eating sushi.
a woman dances by herself as many people, in formal attire, watch.
a man in a black jacket is standing at the top of a mountain.
the man sitting at the table is waiting on his wife while she is shopping.
the guitarist has hello kitty on their guitar.
the guy is pushing a train.
a couple scrub the kitchen floor.
there are people in seats.
a girl has light brown hair.
construction workers are busy.
4 fireman on a firetruck looking very tired, brick building behind them, and a hand to the bottom left.
a middle-age walking man wearing glasses and gray suit is covering his mouth with cars running in the background.
a man is attempting to surf down a hill made of grass and dirt on a sunny day.
someone is skiing
a ukranian man performs a dance in a costume on stage at the talent competition.
a fireman is sleeping.
the man is using a paint brush.
a little girl in a red rain hat kicks at a man covered in mud.
the girl is outside.
a man is ordering food while leaning on a counter with his friend
an older man had a bad day at work
a woman is waiting for her boyfriend in a park by a lake.
a young blonde lady was playing tennis.
a brown dog races on an obstacle course.
a person wears a kilt and holds a flag.
two people stand near a waterfall.
the man in leather drew a crowd.
the bar is black.
the person through beautiful body of water in the air
the owners are facing away from their dogs.
a male is doing a trick on his bicycle while others watch him and take pictures.
a golden retriever licks his nose to cool himself off after laying in the sun all morning.
there is a cat chasing a dog.
a woman decides to walk across the grass instead of using the sidewalk to get to her destination.
a boy tosses a rock across a river.
a baseball player throws a ball.
a kid plays.
a little girl with light colored hair is not indoors.
five young adults are on the beach jumping in the air
a person wearing a red shirt sitting in the middle of fresh fruit and vegetables.
a woman in red shirt wearing sunglasses is leaning on the wall
two people float through the air on a red and white glider.
the children are on a school trip at the aquarium.
the men waited for their boss to clear the pool of dangers.
the groups stands near a bonfire.
there is a couple getting married at a pond.
girls are holding cats.
a dog swims in the ocean.
a man and a woman in glasses are walking side-by-side on a busy pedestrian street.
the crowd watches the horse.
two people are examining fresh fruit and vegetables.
the girl is jumping on a trampoline.
the tennis players move gracefully across the court.
a young lady in a striped shirt is waiting for the young lady with blond-hair who is writing.
a man is out on a walk.
a fiirefigeher near a street walk
a man is pole vaulting.
a woman makes a drawer out of cardboard.
the chihuahua is walking across the sand to get his toy.
a group of elderly women are waiting for their bingo game to start.
the man is a contractor.
a man and woman are playing basketball.
a person washing windows.
gentleman sweeping stone steps.
a person on a water vehicle on a lake surrounded by mountains.
a little girl and boy play in the sand on the beach.
a family is watching a movie
two men ride bicycles to another friend's house.
a man is staring at an electronic device.
the construction workers are fixing the roof.
two high school wrestlers are competing
the woman is taking a shower at home
a young child leads a large dog on the shore.
an orange truck is seen as food trucks line up on a street.
there is a skateboard.
there are two people staring at each other.
there is a tie game
a man is eating a cow alive.
the boys are outside on the water.
a woman with a bag around her standing in the street
people love the fried foods a woman makes at the festival
a man crouches down and a little girl stops on the sidewalk.
a woman standing in an alley.
the girls are playing tennis.
the person has a headache
two guys crying over spilled beer.
the man is blowing another man.
many people in costumes are smiling at a party.
a man in a green jacket and captain's hat is on stage performing in front of an audience.
two best friends drink a glass of draft beer together.
a man is running through a field in the sunshine.
a woman is running in front of a striped wall.
a man looks like he's in pain as he runs in a race.
the family is poor
a young boy and girl are sitting together at a table and coloring pictures with crayola crayons.
two girls at six flags
there are seven skiers in the group.
scientists run to publish their results.
two guys have on skis.
a boy skateboarding during the winter.
a man is standing by a rock band holding a stick of dynamite.
people are holding american flags.
they are using a charcoal grill.
a few people are walking on a street through a busy city on a nice day.
an individual in clothes is dancing without shoes.
the white dog is playing playing frisbee at the park.
two men are playing guitars while a woman watches from behind them.
there are more than one person in the picture.
the woman is eating a pancake.
three girls wait for a family to pass.
a person paraglides at sundown.
a old man is standing in a chruch
a couple of players in a basketball game, guarding each other.
the two asian girls are crying while running.
one man helps another man.
a tall human jumping
they are working to fix the train.
four girls are walking down the sidewalk.
a dog sniffs its food in the house.
can't swim in a waterfall
a skateboarder is jumping from a ramp.
the three people were talking about healthcare and how people on obamacare are fairing.
a person stands on a solid object.
the men are watching bollywood movies in the park.
two white dogs are running through a field.
a man is photographing a woman in a swimsuit.
a girl eats a corn dog.
the asian soccer player uses her right foot to kick the ball.
man stretching in an urban environment
a man is watching music videos on tv.
the people are competing in a race.
three men sit on the curb of a parking lot.
the woman is wearing nothing except a hula skirt, a coconut bra, and a hibiscus blossom. ditto the sheep.
a woman is looking at some fruits.
a bunch of people look up at the super bowl while two women completely ignore it
two large dogs, one light colored and one dark, running through snowy terrain.
some people and their bicycles lined up at the dock near the water.
guys walking on a stone ledge
the man has coffee
two band memebers play the guitar really well.
there is chinese young man and young lady standing in front of a white table with plants on them.
the girl is flying in an airplane.
a man is playing a heavy metal song tune on his electric guitar.
the man is wading in water.
at a large gathering, there is a rock concert going on.
the three girls are competing in a race.
people brooding about their lives in a crowded train
a man is sitting on a chair on a sidewalk.
a student is working in a wood shop.
the women are part of a small musical group and are rehearsing for a concert.
there are several runners racing on a grassy surface with a blue tent behind them.
the toddler is older than one week old.
the biker gets stuck.
a dog is playing fetch outside.
the woman is toally nude
woman in a hat and mask on a bike that is full of carpets and other things.
a girl is holding a cylinder.
the old man in the blue shirt is looking down over the railing.
a child standing on stairs handing a paper to a woman sitting down.
the wires are the same size.
youngsters are ruff housing.
a young woman in a crowd of racers.
a marine holds two children's hands as they wait for a car to go by.
three men biking to work.
little black girl in a swimming suite is being sprayed by a water fountain.
softball player on second base, preparing to catch a ball.
indian lady and a guy in a blue suit dancing in the sunlight.
the photo is clear.
three women are outdoors
a man drilling on the window of a building
a tan dog rests his head in the sand.
the horse and its rider are winning the competition.
a man is watching another person sitting in front of a canvas painting.
the women are looking at the camera.
sean white is wearing a red jacket and snowboarding down a black diamond trail.
the boy is playing xbox.
a human with hair.
people walk under trees as their purple leaves fall and cover the ground.
a man wears a blue sweatshirt as he grooms the horse.
football players get ready for an event.
a naked man stands in the gutter.
a businessman in a suit is talking on his cellphone while sitting on a white bench.
a person likes flowers.
a young child with a blue shirt is watching an arcade game in progress.
there are two men talking in a restaurant.
a woman in black boots and jeans works on a ladder to screw in a lightbulb.
a man is working with stones
a guy is in the soccer game.
a girl inside alone.
the men share a passionate kiss.
nobody is stanidng
dancers fall of a collapsing stage.
the dances move in unison.
a boy is climbing next to a sign.
the girl's feet aren't touching the ground.
the woman wears yeloow
two people are sitting next to each-other.
a woman is walking her pet monkey in her carriage on the las vegas strip
a dog is in the grass.
three bridesmaids at a friend's wedding.
a child plays on a jungle gym.
the man was sitting on the chair.
tow guys are working together.
the elderly men are laying in hospital beds.
a boy in blue shorts with yellow stripes down the sides is leaping.
a dog bites a human.
three people walking on rocks near a stream
zebra in zoo
a man sits behind a wheelbarrow full of vegetables.
player about to throw a ball.
man splitting wood next to a white teepee tent.
2 dogs are outside in the snow
a group of men are sitting down, applying makeup.
a farmer near a creek is smoking a cigarette.
some of the women are friends.
there is a barber who is very famous
the cannibal tucks in to a plate full of fresh baby heads.
a woman sitting on a wall on a bright summer day.
the people have no tattoos.
a person busily examines objects.
two girls are throwing balls at each other.
a girl in a dress is climbing towards the slide.
a surfer riding the top of a wave in the ocean.
a woman is working
three men are breaking horses.
the two baseball players are watching from the stands
a band playing cello's outside in front of a group of people.
the girls are going to perform a dance for the people outside.
people are not looking at the vendor
an older gentleman in a checkered shirt carrying milk jugs using a yoke.
two men are walking dogs.
the trees are bare.
two girls are eating lunch at the mall food court.
this man is in camouflage clothing, in a wilderness area, aiming a camera.
the mountain goat roars loudly
several people standing in silhouette looking over a balcony.
a girl pilots a boat.
the baby is lying on the floor laughing.
